1. Customers who put on mask at the drive thru window are kings and queens. 

2. We should be allow to stop making fraps at a certain time. Maybe an hour before we close.

3. Night crew is underrated and most disrespected.

4. Frappuccino‘s don’t hit the same since you realize how much work goes into one.

5. Starbucks has the worst taste in their own drinks. Very Berry being discontinued when Kiwi is right there is a crime. 

6. No inclusions > No ice  (I’m ready to die on this hill) 

7. Starbucks should have a bigger list of pop songs to play, I’m sorry but I love todays pop girlies.

8. Black Partner Network should be given the opportunity to design merchandise to be sold during Black History Month.
Honestly as a closer I appreciate the love. I get an empty task list and an unstocked, dirty bar, and yet if I forget to stock strawberry inclusions the night before that's all my fault somehow
third one is so true. why is the night crew expected to stay late to clean after spending the entire shift playing catch-up while midday people leave the second they can? at least that's what happens at my store
Night crew does not get enough respect. Happy to have been a part of stores that embraces the night crew, but also been at stores where the opening crew just complained about the smallest things that they forgot.

They forgot to bring out the ice coffee? Cool. Go get it. Literally takes 5 seconds
In regards to 8, I think all of the partner networks should be able to do this! We have partners in my store in a few of them and I wish they had more options for shirts. I’ve only seen the pride ones, the black partner network ones, and in other stores I’ve seen the disabled/Asian/native/islander ones
When the night crew puts the pastry labels in for morning crew >>>>>>>
I literally never order Fraps when I go to other stores. If I am craving one of those god forsaken beasts I will just make it on my next shift with my own hands.
I was a partner for 5 year and always do light ice otherwise I get like 5 sips
This is kind of a minor one but: 

The studded cups are UGLY and not worth the hype or the stress that Karens end up causing the poor staff!! They aren’t even insulated, they’re just plastic so they won’t even keep your drink cold. I don’t get it. It sucks because Starbucks used to come out with some really cute stainless steel tumblers and ceramic mugs and other drink ware but not it’s just those ugly studded cups EVERYWHERE in every color. This isn’t even getting into the issue of resellers and how some of those cups are going for $50+ on resale websites.
I’m a customer and always mask up at the drive thru
All those closing shifts I had to do were half the reason I had to quit due to injury! Definitely respect the people that can do it on the regular.
I didn't know that clean play was a thing when i first got hired so I was stuck working an 8 hour shift until midnight every Sunday for two months (also a college student with an 8 am the next day)

I generally have amazing coworkers, but I do have one shift lead that literally bitched at me and my other clean play coworker whenever they saw us because we forgot to do this or we forgot to do that when we are always cleaning up the WORST messes left behind when they finish their shift. Like.... learn to clean up spilled milk before it dries/curdles under the espresso machines and maybe we'll have time to remember to clean the insides of the garbage cans
I fixed #4:

Frappuccino's don't hit the same since you realize \***what**\* goes into one.
I worked closing shift at a licensed cafe and I was unofficially trained to take apart the blender an hour before closing. There were occasionally some disappointed customers but it made things SO much easier.
Starbucks has to many options so many different choices in drinks . That's a lot of work for someone make min wage . I usually just get coffee plain . I can  imagine the pain when they have two for one drink days . That's the only time I buy fancy drinks. It must be a zoo on those days. Thank you for the great job you do .
RIP Valencia Orange Refresher. Never forget.
I always wear my mask in public and i silently thank everyone i see with one on. I'm curious about the no inclusions > no ice thing. What does that mean?
i worked nights for the first 3 years and switched to mornings my last year. i now bartend and make significantly more doing essentially the same job. i genuinely can’t believe the amount of work expected for closers for $9/hr (at the time). and then to get yelled at for forgetting 1 of the 100 tasks
i do not understand the frap hype. they're shitty milkshakes, that have 80 gallons of sugar and that's all you can taste. they are not good.
Random question as a customer: my friends and I often go to a certain starbucks and study there until closing, and I wanted to show the staff our appreciation. What would a good gift be for starbucks employees? A giftcard to Amazon/somewhere else, candles or something? Something small that I could give them to say thanks.

Edit: I do usually tip but wanted something specifically for them to say thank you.
3 & 5 I can get behind.
Very Berry Hibiscus is being discontinued?
9. Should have the right to refuse cloud drinks if in a bad mood

10. Should be allowed to cuss out 1 customer per quarter. 3 during COVID.
Sorry, I'm a little slow. What does no inclusion no ice mean?
The that’s my motto song needs to be deleted from all music libraries
Do you really love number one like that? 🥺 I do it all the time and have this whole time
The fraps at McDonald’s are better than Starbucks. I used to work there too and they’re also easier to make there
agree but i love the kiwi refresher lol
What's an inclusion? 

I'm sorry I don't know.
Wait, now I'm curious how a frap is made lol
1 - yes, but as long as they wait until after the speaker box. Watching a customer put on a mask and then mumble order just kills me.
Friends don’t let friends make Frappuccinos and as long as I work for this company I will NEVER go into another starbs and ask another partner to make me one
1. Thank you, I appreciate the compliment
2. Not a barista but I agree
3. As someone who frequently studies late at starbucks, I agree and love night crew.
4. As a customer, I learned this and now rarely, if ever order frappes so... yes
5. AGREED!!! I never understood that
6. I have no opinion as a customer.
7. Agreed
8. Love that idea
customers that put masks on in drive are the mvps
Do customers not normally mask up in the DT? My partner and I always have and assumed everyone did?
I feel so bad for my night crew and try really hard to make sure that they’re stocked when I leave at my 4-6pm end times. The shift lead usually chases me off before I can finish everything though. I don’t know if it’s an hours thing or what ;-;
[removed]
I'm sorry, but I really like the Kiwi Starfruit Lemonade, it's my fav colour and it tastes amazing imo 😭 I don't want it gone 😭😔
Dedicated opener here and I totally agree with number three. I will fight for my closers lol I regularly get on to other openers for whining about minor things. I hate the us vs them mentality.
Ugh YES when people get so cheesed about this I’m always like are?? You?? Serious?? We literally clean up after you, and you can’t just take a few bags from the back???
Got shit for not prepping dark roast beans at close for the openers. like BITCH why would I prep something I wont use so it can go out a day earlier??? And when am i supposed to do that between cleaning up your messes and making literally every other drink ingredient??
I quit my job at a licensed store for a local cafe and this is how we do it: there are three checklists for closing tasks, depending on what time your shift ends. The biggest tasks go to the last out people, since you can’t do those earlier in the day, but it makes the work a lot more manageable. Way better than rushing to do everything as the clock ticks towards 8 pm…
I hear you.  As a middie I make damn sure that if I have time I do as much prep as possible and that there are no dishes in the sink.  I have done all 3 shifts and it goes like this: Open - Most Stressful.  Mid - Wild Card.  Close - Most Work.  Opens are pretty straightforward, usually busy as hell and catch up after peak.  Mids are a toss up depending on how the open went.  Closes while  usually nowhere as busy as an Open get no love.  There isn't anyone else coming in to "catch up".  I take care of my closers, big time.
I completely agree with you! I went to mornings after being a closer for 2 years and it’s definitely a different environment. Although, at least from my store, there is soo much opportunities for the openers/ mid day to help the night crew but chose not to. Like after peak; I can notice partners just standing and not doing anything when there’s things that could be stocked, cleaned, and even prepped for the night crew.
About 6 months ago we lost probably 40% of our staff over the course of a month. It's no coincidence that every one of them worked nights 😬
We once had a morning shift complained that napkins weren’t restock.
We used to have an SSV who would ask her opening baristas “I need to write something in the book, find something wrong the closers did”. No lie. I know this because she was widely hated and many baristas would complain about her to me lmao
Lmao after a series of closes where the closer didn’t even bother putting bags in the trash cans…. I ain’t ever complaining again

(For real tho it was an awful week for all day parts and I don’t hold it against them. I was a closer for a year, I get it! But like…. Wild.)
Agreed! I said number 8 because black history month is around the corner but I definitely think all partner networks should have merchandise for the partners and customers.
I always tried setting up the AM for success. Let’s face it; morning crew makes the bulk of the tips, but we split it evenly.

It’s not always easy to get to everything when as the night lead you show up to a mid shift that didn’t get any dishes done, or the order put away, etc.

I loved closing, and my closers. I also preferred the motley crew of regulars that drink coffee at night more than the mostly tired cubicle drones. Customers would invite us to parties after close, sell us weed. Puppers at the DT? That’s cool, I had regulars in my cafe at night with snakes, ferrets, birds, all the exotics, lol. We had pirates, we had people come in to play their DnD game. We’d get into UFO discussions with the PM regulars. It was really a totally different vibe at night 😂
Friends don’t make friends blend.
Fr if I ever get a frap I am making it myself
I had a customer ask me to make my favorite off-menu drink. It happened to be a complicated frap that I would make for myself from time to time. I was on register, but it was slow enough that I could step away and make it myself rather than put my coworker through the stupidity of this drink.

The guy loved it and really wanted to know how I had made it. I flat out refused to give him that info. Instead told him that if he wanted one in the future, he'd have to get me to make it. Told him I wasn't going to put anyone else through making it.
After ordering my last 6 drinks with light-ice, received them 3/4 full with ice.  I ordered a **VERY-light-ice**, and it was still 3/4 full with ice.  I am NO-ice ordering, from now on.
I have one I won in a mostly planner related giveaway because the paper planner community and coffee lovers are almost a complete circle on a Venn diagram and it’s a good tumbler but I don’t get the hype.
I think the ones that are holographic and change colors in the light are beautiful, but I’m not a fan of the matte, opaque ones.
I do too and I always wonder if people think I’m dumb. So this makes me happy.
Same here. I was always worried employees might be worried I wear it because I have COVID symptoms, but I do it to protect them. It's easy AF and keeps everybody safe.
Same here. I wear it out of respect and concern for those working the drive through. They have to wear a mask so I do as well to make sure they feel as safe as possible. To say we’re kings and queens is pretty disrespectful. People seem to get bothered about the dumbest stuff nowadays.
It’s store policy where I go…

…and I still would, even if I wasn’t asked to. 


☺️
Ditto for me
As people who have to see 100s of customers a day, we appreciate people who are taking covid seriously. A lot of my coworkers live with high risk family members. Including myself. I have a .6 mile walk to and from work and my silly ass wears my mask on the walk to work. At 3:45 in the morning. With not a soul around. Because of the handful of times in the last TWO YEARS that someone has been out when I'm walking... Stay safe! I live for it. Get it? Because it's literally keeping us alive. Haha
i dont get them that often but its a nice way to get a dessert item without actually having ice cream
Aside from an occasional coffee frap, I don’t partake.

If I want a shake, there are better options available via drive through.
I don’t get it either… not only are they waaaay too sweet, the weird in between thickness is gross to me. It’s too thick to be just an iced drink but not thick enough to be a milkshake. No thank you. Even worse if there’s still ice chunks 🤢
Idk if you’ve ever gotten a strawberry açaí refresher before, but the strawberry pieces inside are the inclusions. So they’re saying no inclusions is better than a request for no ice
> and assumed everyone did?

We are in year two of a global pandemic and getting vaccinated and wearing masks is still somehow a political statement, you gotta know that a ton of people just don't care enough.
[removed]
[removed]
[removed]
It’s that you didn’t make their job easier. Had a coworker experience the same thing but at McD. If it was something like whips, ok that might be a point. But beans? Seems simple enough for the openers to do it themselves.
Bro do we work at the same store I had the exact same thing happen. Literally only had 2 closers left and i stayed late by like 4 hours every day (was a mid)
Ughhhh morning crew complaining when I worked another closing shift by myself while exhausted drove me INSANE. I did not close terribly just bc I didn’t restock the utensil dispenser, which wasn’t empty to begin with

Fwiw, we were very loosely associated with actual Starbucks tho, we played by our own rules largely other than the recipes.
I open and close, so I see the pros and cons of each. I’m understanding if the closers didn’t restock a certain item, and I’m also understanding when the openers fail to clean something and let it pile up. There are a myriad of things that go wrong and happen. The job is all about working as a team, and showing compassion when a mistake is made. That’s what makes this shit bearable.
Omg your store sounds really fun! I miss when Starbucks had a more indie cafe vibe to it. Granted as long as I’ve been alive it’s been corporate but the vibe was different pre 2015
As a current partner, I honestly am really curious about what it is since I'm always trying out new fraps and combining different flavors together hahaha
How do you feel about posting it on here


.


.



.



.







. 











😆
Thank you. This is exactly the problem with most Starbucks locations. I’m not paying $7+ for a cup of ice and two sips of the actual drink. It’s so frustrating
Yeah that happens to me too sometimes but it's rare enough that I take my chances. I do no sweeteners, classic, or cream though so I feel like I'm not that big of a hassle aside from them having to brew iced coffee a little more often
Order no ice with light room, tall cup of ice on the side.
I always wonder that too. I always wear mine and I feel like an idiot but better safe than sorry.
Yes and this is exactly why I like the vanilla bean. It tastes like a vanilla milkshake
it's not even necessarily that they're too sweet, it's that they taste like sugar. that's it. no chocolate, or caramel, or whatever else. i just taste sugar ice.
Ooooh, thank you!
[removed]
[removed]
It’s easy, from my experience, for stores to cleave along AM vs PM. We’re all in the same shit boat, and the only way to make the job bearable is to work together as a team, IMO.
We’re a super chill, close-knit group. We do lots of game nights and potlucks. Not saying there isn’t drama here and there but for the most part, there isn’t a night crew vs morning crew shtick, everyone is relatively understanding. I hope it becomes that way for your store too, or just in life in general :D
That's worse. It'll end up on TikTok
not just starbucks, every single place you get drinks to go.

I am not ordering a cup full of ice with 2 sips of drink... be it a coke or an iced coffee or whatever.

3 -5 ice cubes is enough.
PLEASE don't feel like an idiot, I worked at a DT until recently and always really appreciated it when people wore a mask. It felt really considerate 😊
Thank you! That makes me feel better.
**August 23rd 2021:** Just under 50 Buffalo-area Starbucks employees, through the Twitter handle @SBWorkersUnited [tweet their letter to Kevin Johnson,](https://twitter.com/SBWorkersUnited/status/1429843732715692040) announcing their unionisation. There were 20 Starbucks locations in the Buffalo area. With their petition, the ball was in motion for the unionisation effort of 3 full stores. If the unionisation vote succeeds, they will be the **first stores ever unionised** out of over **8,000** Starbucks locations in the United States.

**August 28th:** Starbucks Corporate launches mandatory paid meetings, called "listening sessions." In these meetings, store managers were holding one-on-one meetings with each employee in an attempt to hear what ongoing issues were occurring from the partners' perspectives.

Meanwhile, one of the three Starbucks stores involved in the efforts is closed.

**August 30th:** SBWorkersUnited announces [that petitions have been filed with the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB) to hold union elections in three stores in the Buffalo region.](https://twitter.com/SBWorkersUnited/status/1432496844437864452?s=20) Should they win the vote with the NLRB, negotiations will begin.

Corporate Communications Senior Manager Jory Mendes is [quoted in a news interview stating:](https://www.wkbw.com/news/local-news/buffalo-starbucks-employees-want-to-be-the-first-to-unionize-in-us) "We firmly believe that our work environment, coupled with our competitive compensation and benefits, makes unions unnecessary at Starbucks."

A barista at one of the Buffalo stores says in an interview: ["They call us partners, and tell us that we're partners. But there's no equality, so there's no true partnership."](https://truthout.org/articles/workers-in-buffalo-may-become-the-first-to-unionize-a-starbucks-store/)

**August 31st:** Corporate launches a counter-effort via mass-text, titled "Your Voice Matters." This is in direct response to the messaging used by the organisers, insisting that their voice already matters. 

Around this time, Starbucks President of North America, Rossann Williams, begins to spend more time in the Buffalo region, not only in stores speaking to the employees but also handing out free $10 gift cards to customers. In a "listening session" with Rossann, a barista says he was told "the best way for the company to listen to the partners is not have something come between us." [Source](https://www.vice.com/en/article/v7ekp8/its-almost-comical-starbucks-is-blatantly-trying-to-crush-its-union)

**September 8th:** two more stores announce overwhelming support for a union and join the efforts, also petitioning the NLRB.

Another barista describes the situation as the following:

> "Upper management has come to every store in the district. We're doing card signing on the floor, because that's our public space. But management is making people really nervous to talk about it. They're coming and talking to people on our breaks. They came to my store on Sunday, and cornered a worker."

At the same time, Rossann issues an internal memo titled "Message from Rossann for Buffalo area partners" which can be read [HERE](https://twitter.com/SBWorkersUnited/status/1436001932821385219?s=20). *//if this tweet/link goes down, lmk and i can repost it or share the text//*

**September 14th:** Starbucks counters the initial election request with the demand to include *all* stores in the Buffalo region in the union vote, rather than the five that currently have majority for. The precedent set by the NLRB favours single-store units for union elections. A hearing is scheduled to decide on September 22nd.

**September 16th:** SBWorkersUnited tweets a selfie with Rosann Williams sweeping the floors in the store. [Link to tweet](https://twitter.com/SBWorkersUnited/status/1438508591132987395)

**September 23rd:** An *awesome* interview with one of the organising baristas is released. In it, they comment about the surveillance from corporate, the intimidation, and removal and replacement of management at all levels. [Here is that link!](https://www.thestrikewave.com/interviews/interview-with-brian-murray-of-starbucks-union)

**September 28th:** The initial hearing between The Starbucks Workers Union, Corporate, and the NLRB is had. Starbucks Corporate submits an argument against the unionisation efforts, [delaying the decision.](https://twitter.com/SBWorkersUnited/status/1442848136041467918)

**October 13th:** [Official word regarding store closures is released.](https://www.wivb.com/news/local-news/starbucks-unionize-closes-two-buffalo-locations-making-unionization-push/) Three stores in total are closed - two of them indefinitely, for training purposes, and one for "renovation." Two stores of the five in the efforts withdraw from the NLRB petition to attempt to speed up the vote process. This brings the unionisation efforts down to three stores again.

SBWorkersUnited [tweets a photo](https://twitter.com/SBWorkersUnited/status/1448354913759674375/photo/1) an anti-union poster hung up in the back room. It alleges that signing a union card "may give up your rights to speak for yourself." It also states specifically, "By law, you have the right _not_ to join a union and not sign a card if you don't want to." The wording is chosen carefully to sound threatening.

**October 18th:** Articles share reports that district managers are being sent from all over the country to spend time in Buffalo in an attempt to "save" Starbucks. [NYTimes Article link](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/10/18/business/economy/starbucks-union-buffalo.html)

But more importantly, [Rossann publicly releases a memo directly asking employees to vote no to a union.](https://stories.starbucks.com/press/2021/working-directly-together-as-partners-we-can-build-a-different-kind-of-company/) Another fun line in this release is, "I want to be clear that our actions in Buffalo are not about whether we are pro-union or anti-union. It's quite simply that we are pro-Starbucks partners."

**October 22nd:** One of the stores previously closed "indefinitely" for training purposes is suddenly announced a reopening date of November 8th.

**October 27th:** Rossann releases [*another* memo](https://stories.starbucks.com/press/2021/message-from-rossann-williams-investing-our-success-in-you/) making promises for the future of employees. Among these promises is a nationwide pay increase to $15 an hour base, a pay raise for existing employees *on top of that,* and additional scheduling hours to be added to ensure balanced staffing. There is no direct mention of the unionisation efforts.

**October 28th:** The NLRB decision is finalised [in favour of the employees.](https://www.wivb.com/news/local-news/national-labor-board-buffalo-starbucks-workers-can-form-union-by-store/) This decision allows the stores to vote on a store-by-store basis, instead of Corporate's requested full-region vote.

The ballots will be sent out the night of November 10th, and employees will have until December 8th to return them. The ballot count occurs on the 9th.

At this moment, the NLRB has not determined if Assistant Store Managers can be included in the union efforts.

**Nov 6th:** Howard Schultz pays Buffalo a visit to host a meeting in a hotel conference area. Shortly afterwards, he [shares this letter with the public.](https://stories.starbucks.com/press/2021/a-message-from-howard-schultz-from-buffalo-with-love/)  In a video from SBWorkersUnited on [twitter](https://twitter.com/SBWorkersUnited/status/1457186417667461124?s=20), one barista can be seen attempting to speak up about their requests during the meeting, only to be hounded and shut down by corporate employees. Fortunately, her word gets across despite this.

**November 10th:** Per [this tweet](https://twitter.com/MorePerfectUS/status/1458565480923418627), Starbucks has used a mass-text service to send all employees a 3.5 minute video *again* urging employees to vote NO and implying that unions = loss of voice in dealings with Starbucks. Dues are mentioned twice, and the example ballot is marked as a NO vote, as a way to discourage voters from voting yes.
---

In similar news: Starbucks [just lost a case in Philadelphia](https://www.inquirer.com/news/starbucks-union-firings-illegal-nlrb-20210812.html) this June for wrongfully terminating employees for attempting to unionise. The two employees turned down $100,000 to push the case and won!

I just wanted to throw together a vaguely compiled timeline to condense the information so far, but also to open up a conversation. There are issues that have been frequently rising in stores across the country. Not all stores are hell on earth, but it is common enough that at some point, it demands to be acknowledged and fixed.
As you'll notice with the NLRB's decision to allow stores to organize on an individual basis, there is an element of the legal system working for us here. 

But don't forget, men fought, killed and died to get these rights enshrined in law. 

If you know anything about the militancy of the labor movement, you'll know they had to. Many were trapped in a company scrip economy, riddled with debt and locked to company housing dying by a thousand cuts, watching their children go hungry and risking their lives every day. 

The conditions are better, but fundementally the incentive of the mine operators and people like Rossann to push against unionization is the same. 

They want to retain control. And a union challenges that control. 

I'm not saying you're all in the same shoes as coal miners in West Virginia or steel workers in Pennsylvania, but I am saying that what you're watching right now is the resurgence of a grassroots political trend that started out of necessity. 

If the collective "we", society, Americans, etc. don't revitalize the labor movement and push forward the cause of unions in general, [we know where unchallenged corporate interest leads.](https://apnews.com/article/legislature-legislation-local-governments-nevada-economy-2fa79128a7bf41073c1e9102e8a0e5f0)

You're watching something important, whether it's at Starbucks, John Deere, Nabisco, etc. this is something with history.
Thank you so much for putting this together!

My ASM mentioned to me recently that our RM is coming for a store visit (I'm in California) to "check out the store and connect with partners." I've been with Starbucks for 3 years, at the highest earning store in our district, and have never once met the RM... I'm thinking this visit is likely related to the unionization efforts.
Please don't rely on Buffalo to organize for you.

You reading this, if you work in a corporate store, need to start organizing. Privately approach baristas you can trust and gauge their feelings. Agree on tangible issues you want addressed. Try to get at least a 1/3rd of your store to agree. Then contact a labor union.

Also, [remember your vowels.](https://www.reddit.com/r/antiwork/comments/qn1r7y/z/hjdpjws). Agitate, educate, inoculate, organize, unionize.
Thank you for doing this!

Also that bit at the end about the two Baristas that turned down $100K each...holy shit. What heroes!
Fuck em up Buffalo
As a customer, can I change my name in my app to Unionize? That way you have permission to say it loudly in the store?
Our manager said that if we try to unionize she won’t intervene, with the implications they were supportive of forming one. Should we try to?
I'm a customer and I never was a barista but I 100% support the efforts to unionize. The fact that Starbucks clearly is scared shitless of an union speaks VOLUME.
Doing the lords work thank you 🙏🏼 🙏🏼
This is truly a great post. Stay strong partners, unionize!

✊💪
As an ex-barista (who was in the union) holy *fuck* the Howard Schultz thing was wild. Comparing Starbucks to sharing blankets in concentration camp??? Hello?????

Also, remember that union busters will fight tooth and nail because they’re *terrified* right now. They try to scare you with how much union dues are, even though the union can help *everyone* secure higher wages. I made $2 more than the non-union Starbucks baristas. It was awesome.
Did you see a Starbucks in Arizona is trying to unionize now?
Thank you so much for the post! It's an amazing rundown of what's been happening out here and what we've been dealing with. Solidarity!
As somone who lives in Sweden to join a union is an obvious choice, as far as I now all large company are connected to one and it has always been this way as long as I been Alive

And reading this really makes me angry and up set to see, and my head hurts by the dumb reasoning from Starbucks for the reason to not unioneize, if it truly is a good work environment with good kompensation for the work then why would it matter if the workers unioneize or not.
Thank you Storm 🙏🏻
I was wondering why for the weekly updates my store had a 3 page update about 15hr .. this is why , corporate getting their azzes whipped 🥰.
Thank you to the workers standing up to corporate oppression! Starbucks calls you partners- but where’s the share in the profit if we’re all in this together?

Corporate profit is the stolen value created by YOU. Yet workers are paid like shit. Stand strong!
Could corporate decide to just close the stores that vote yes…with everything said and done doesn’t seem they’re above doing just that?
/serious. What do we gain in a unionized Starbucks?
Does anyone have a cheat sheet for when to charge for milk and when you don't charge for milk
Is there a strike today in solidarity? A friend of mine lives in California and all the coffee shops (not just Starbucks) were closed when they tried to stop by this morning. We thought the other shops might have been closed to hold the line.
does anyone know when the union vote is?
Oh my gosh.

Yes. !!!

&#x200B;

Edit:

>We’re not anti-Starbucks. We are Starbucks. We aren’t looking to tear the company down, we’re looking to really be partners and have a seat at the table. So far, unfortunately Starbucks doesn’t really want that. They’ve clearly shown through their actions that they don’t think we’re partners.

</3 Ouch and lovely and heartbreaking. What an amazing interview!
Can you update the post including the Arizona store, as well as the recent hearing from the NLRB?
I'm pretty sure Starbucks can't urge employees directly to vote No for a union. That's illegal, isn't it?

When the pandemic first started, I remember my managers and DM's (including my own at the time) in my area all were holding store meetings which basically were Starbucks circle jerks. They had us talk about our feelings very limitedly and then said "what other employer would give you benefits like this and listen to your problems" they never actually implemented anything in stores to help more though. Just worked us to the bone. Oh, we did get crappy shirts though. (Strong like coffee represent...). Come to think of it, I think this was early damage control to avoid unions because they knew people were already tired of their shit. Well, I'm glad that is backfiring on them. Starbucks Unionizing needs to happen everywhere.

EDIT: Also, who cares about Howard Shultz anymore? Sure, he might have been better than Kevin Johnson, but a lot of these issues were around when Shultz was CEO. Shultz just had a nicer face. Lol they bring him in like we are so grateful for him and would listen to every word he says while drinking his breast milk in our coffee.
Holy shit. I’m not an employee but it’s amazing seeing people not stand up for companies bullshit
So what does everyone think when they announced that Howard Schultz met with them? And his letter?
Not a Partner here, but I'd love to display my support for the unionization effort. Is there anywhere to get a pin or something similar I can wear to show my support?
The only reason why I can stomach working at shitty Starbucks is because I really don't give a fuck about upper management
God I've been wanting to unionize since forever. Time to bust open photoshop and make a sneaky sign
Uhm… that was a wild video
Is this going to make every store union ized in the future?
[deleted]
[removed]
Lol at reports of "rudeness," Rosann can eat my entire ass.
Goooooo workers go!!
Hey, I work at a franchise store in an Airport in Switzerland. Do you think laws would apply similarly? We get paid enough for global standards, but not enough for Swiss standards. Also we struggle with a shortage of coworkers and a huge low motivation which causes to many of our co-workers to call in sick. The consequence of this is having only one barista on a Sunday morning for a whole store, taking care of the opening, bar, lobby, and defrosting until the next shift arrives. We also have some stores which have become a standard to manage for one barista only, taking shifts until 11 pm because they have to do closing alone. We've asked many times to the Management for new coworkers and fair work environment, but after 6 months working here nothing has changed. The average of a barista working here is 4 months, all of them go to other places where they get better paid.
so we can organize on a store by store basis?

is the buffalo vote going to be split up by stores? like if one store the majority wants to unionize, they can?
Solidarity forever!
yep, saw our RM too. i threatened unionization in the partner pulse survey and every single partner demanded higher pay, so they know we’re organized. we’ve not spoken to them about it since. 

the RM and someone higher up than them on the chain held our “holiday launch” meeting. not a minute of that did we spend discussing holiday launch. 

we were lectured for an hour where they kept asking us what could be done better. no one brought up pay because it’s pointless and we want to appear docile and satisfied until it’s the right time. 

it was insane. i’ve never seen anything like it. the higher up dude told us if we don’t like it here, staying is the definition of insanity. they told us they know we’ve been wronged for years and deserve higher pay. they told us they were on our side. 

they gaslit us for an hour straight, trying to get one of us to bite. 

in my 5 years, i’ve only seen an RM twice. the first time was when i was working at one of the top 30 stores in the country.

they are scared.
It absolutely is. And if you tell them the truth, they will do absolutely nothing with that information unless it's anti-union.
Lol, the RD in my region must've been in my store half a dozen times over the last year and a half — his last visit got canceled because he's in Buffalo now 🤣
I would even encourage contacting a union rep before you begin! Make sure you have all of the information directly from the union you believe will best suit your store.  Every union is different and it's important to know what's available to you
really just goes to show how far we’ve been pushed and exploited, too.
this can’t just be on buffalo, though i am wishing for them to fuck shit up too

everyone, get your stores on board!! now’s the time for discretion, but also for action. 

follow buffalo’s example. the first step is getting a petition written and passed around for fellow baristas to sign. if you have friends in other stores, clue them in. there is strength in numbers. 

be smart. don’t do this on company time. keep this information hidden from your store managers until the petition is signed by everyone on board. then contact a labor union. 

r/unionizestarbucks has a list of unions that work with baristas. anyone hoping to take up the mantle for their store, send the petition to one of your options. 

we can all do this together.
Made me think of Newsies.

"STRIKE! STRIKE! STRIKE STRIKE STRIKE STRIKE!"

I mean technically you can, there's no stopping you. And a manager can't really argue it cause people have free will.
please do this lmao
Yes! We have customers do this with this with mobile order all the time!
Management has no say whatsoever. Look at how corporate, above store managers, has responded - they are sending in *other* managers, members from the corporate office, even the fucking CEO lmao but a store manager that supports the efforts is still, at the end of the day, an "ally." Additionally there are reports from the Buffalo region that store managers have been receiving terminations and relocations as a response to the unionisation efforts, so it may not even matter if your current manager supports the effort.

If you want to unionise, do so, but I would still not include the store manager. For starts, they wouldn't be a part of the union anyway, so their efforts would only be to support the movement rather than to fight from within.

If you and your coworkers feel a union will benefit your store, absolutely push for it.  Please please do research into what each union offers, and how that can affect your store. And don't be afraid to reach out to union reps who can guide you through everything!
Same!
Sure did! I just haven't had a chance to update this yet, life has been a little crazy the last week or so!  I'll get to it either today or tomorrow
I’m in the same district as that store. We just had a shift meeting that was thinly veiled as anti union.
If there's anything I'm good at, it's collecting information for stuff like this LUL cheers <3
It's illegal and they're already facing an issue with the NLRB for doing so in this situation! It was used as a union busting tactic
Accountability for management in situations such as sudden schedule changes, scheduling outside of availability, change of hours as a way of retaliation, hostile working environments, etc.

Security when dealing with situations such as those listed above (as in, preventing sudden termination of employees for attempts to hold management accountable).

Ability to fight and earn a higher pay rate (though Starbucks attempted to make this a moot point by issuing the announcement of a sudden company-wide pay increase), as well as raises or tenure-based pay increase.

Security and support should employees feel the need to strike.

A stronger, louder voice when conversing or negotiating with Starbucks.

Proper policy structuring and enforcement in situations like biohazards (employees being "forced" to clean up blood, sharps hazards, vomit, urine, etc.)

Better employee retention / decrease in turnover rates

Access to additional and/or separate support and aid systems in times of need.

Should the pandemic flare up again, there is the potential for better support and security should an employee not feel safe working in the middle of increased infection rates.

There are others, of course, because these unions will be operating on a store-level rather than a company-level (unless that were to change in the future). It would entirely depend on what the union is capable of and what the employees collectively want. But a massive demand right now is manager accountability.

Unions level the playing field between employer and employee. Starbucks has for a very long time had issues of employee mistreatment. While it is true that unions *do* have downsides, and there are corrupt and greedy unions that stop benefiting the employee, having one in place allows the employees to have the ability to fight for what they need.
The cheat sheet is if it's over 4 Oz, charge. If it's 4oz or under, don't charge.

Splash? No charge. Half milk half coffee? Charge!

Frappuccinos always get charged for a change of milk (dairy to nondairy) because they are milk-based
Not today, not that I would know of, no
It's in the post!

> The ballots will be sent out the night of November 10th, and employees will have until December 8th to return them. The ballot count occurs on the 9th.

If you're asking about the other 3-4 stores that jumped in, I don't believe that's been decided yet.
I am gathering all of the information and links now - I will update this with the general gist of it but will probably make a new post as the vote deadline is tomorrow.

Sorry! Things have been stupidly hectic for me IRL between work and the upcoming holidays, as well as my health lmao I've been following it on my own time, but haven't been compiling info. Stay tuned!
> I'm pretty sure Starbucks can't urge employees directly to vote No for a union.

Kinda late but they did that weeks ago already. There was a statement that should be a print-out where Rosann pretty much said, "Corporate knows there is a disconnect but please give us the opportunity to fix it by voting 'no'."
Adding it into the timeline here :D

I've been trying to keep my own personal opinion out of the main post just because the intention is primarily to keep everyone in the loop, but good lord... The "letter" is nothing but fluff but I have to say, my favourite part was this:

> I shared with our partners tonight who may not have known that I worked for so many years to build a company that my father never had a chance to work for. That as a blue-collar worker and veteran, he taught me the meaning of hard work after an on-the-job injury left our family without an income or insurance, literally no safety net. This traumatic moment fueled me to frame the vision and guiding principles of Starbucks. . .

I don't know for sure if Starbucks Corporate realises how ridiculously obtuse and tasteless this is... like their marketing team is supposed to be good, who approved this quote?

Corporate drones are going around to all of the stores in the Buffalo region, hearing cries of low pay, high stress, and lack of accountability... and the response from corporate is to have A BILLIONAIRE (google says he's currently worth *5 billion*) tell a bunch of *entry level employees* how he had it tough once, too. Then goes on to list all the benefits that Starbucks provides like he's driving home the point that Starbucks couldn't possibly treat employees poorly.

But I did some Googling, and did you know that Schultz constantly claims to have grown up poor, in a public housing scheme and touts this "rags to riches" story that... is almost completely inaccurate? LUL he was born middle class, and not even lower middle class.

He's an asshole, corporate sucks, and I hope the company suffers extreme losses. Unionise or quit, I'd say.
I think the best way to show support is to only patronize unionized locations.
This vote is currently *specifically* for the stores in the Buffalo region that have petitioned, voted, and won the vote.

However, the movement will be the stone in the pond that sends ripples through the entire company. If even one store wins the vote, they will be the first store out of 8,000 to be unionised in the United States. Even if it doesn't spark change throughout the whole company (which I think it will), then it will still make history.
The Workers United group has already filed a case for Starbucks doing it in the Buffalo region! I dont believe any news has come from that yet
This is great news!! But don't reveal what store you're working at :P better to be safe than sorry!
I can't speak for anything outside the United States - you guys do everything differently and the only experience I have with Starbucks outside the US is a single starbucks in the London, UK area lmao sorry!
Yes, Starbucks tried to say that the goal was unionizing the entire district so the entire district should have a say… but only three stores filed and they filed asking to only unionize each store on its own. With the NLRB ruling it means each and every store has the ability to file for their own union. The way it works in the long run is each store has a union with a connection to the same greater union, so Starbucks negotiated all the contracts together, instead of store by store. 

-source I’m a Buffalo Barista
For the union makes us strong!
This is about what I'd expect. I make sure to ask in every Pulse survey why pay rates don't match cost of living increases if corporate is going to claim they care about partners. In the last one I said I "heard that some stores were unionizing," but didn't say anything beyond that. Just left it as a sole statement.

When the RM comes I'm going to play absolutely dumb about all of this and offer no answers for questions about what they can do better, because ultimately they're asking for show and we all know they're not going to take a single thing to heart.

I 100% agree with appearing like agreeable model employees until the unionization efforts spread and gain more traction. I've been educating a few trusted coworkers and two of my shifts who are curious about what unions are and passing on the little knowledge I have about forming one. Just to plant the seed. We're all pissed at corporate enough to where I don't think it'd be impossible to try for our store (and personally I'm not super worried about losing my job at this point because it'd be for a good cause and I can afford to).
Exactly. I'm planning on playing dumb and not saying much.
This!

Take an organizing 101 training, via the IWW or such.
Here's a sneak peek of /r/UnionizeStarbucks using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/UnionizeStarbucks/top/?sort=top&t=all) of all time!

\#1: [🤝](https://i.redd.it/viowxv32g2u71.jpg) | [2 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/UnionizeStarbucks/comments/qa6cvg/_/)  
\#2: [Honestly, Customer Connection Shouldn’t even be a thing](https://i.redd.it/7yjl8u8t9kj71.jpg) | [6 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/UnionizeStarbucks/comments/pbj9mh/honestly_customer_connection_shouldnt_even_be_a/)  
\#3: ["partners"](https://i.redd.it/hvn5pb84ggp71.jpg) | [1 comment](https://np.reddit.com/r/UnionizeStarbucks/comments/puy250/partners/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| [^^Contact ^^me](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| [^^Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| [^^Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/o8wk1r/blacklist_ix/)
Thank you
Managers need a union. It should not be the same union as partners.

A friend of mine is in film, and they have unions at all levels. There's an actor's union, a director's union, etc. Sometimes, if the beef is between, say, actors and directors, then the unions will negotiate. But usually the unions fight the producers.
Truly doing gods work with these informational Union posts.
Ok thank you also do you know what drinks to charge milk with and what drinks not to charge milk with
Might be a local thing, then. Thank you. I hope all of you get what you need.
lol oh my gosh i knew that BECAUSE of this post and forgot and just skimmed. the stores that joined in recently renewed my interest. thank you so much!
My mom grew up in Canarsie, had a few friends who lived at Bayview. They had playgrounds there that were fancier than the city's parks. From what I've seen, he grew up with more money than I did. Talking down to us about "living in the projects" as though no one working at Starbucks has ever been poor is past distasteful. It's fucking disgusting. I'm not going to suck on his boot because of a sob story about his daddy.
Was that Rosann in Giannas video? 😂
It’s really *sick* the active discouragement from Starbucks to not unionize. 

I appreciate this post. It really inspired me to look at union history and t he benefits of being in a union, etc. thank you, /u/StormTheParade
It's already public that I'm supporting the union! So it's something I'm okay with. But thanks for looking out!!
got it, thank you!!
I asked this question awhile back but got downvoted a ton, but like if your in a union I assume you can’t cover shifts at a different store? And if you need to transfer, do you leave the union? If someone is a crappy partner who doesn’t show up, are they immune from being fired? I don’t work at SBUX anymore but I think those are valid questions out of curiosity. The fact SBUX has gone through all these steps means they are freaked out by it, that video was creepy. They were like “this is your decision! But DONT DO IT, because we want you to have a voice”. Like, partners do have a voice and this is what they want. Its also insulting as fuck to the partners. Their biggest talking points were “you’ll have to pay a union due” which is basically saying they acknowledge they pay you shit as it is so losing that $20 a month is a good portion of your paycheck. And did that Tatiana lady fill out her own secret ballot on camera and submit her official ballot that your not supposed to talk about unless it’s persuading partners to vote no? This is so fucked.
inspire all of your coworkers to do the same on the partner pulse and they will come in sucking your dicks talking about how they can get you a raise of up to 7% if you submit your resume totally oblivious to the fact that 7% does NOTHING to help us with the severity of the problem with our wages
Just be like "I hope they vote yes" and leave it at that lmfao.
Sure! But that would be the responsibility of management to organise a union should they feel it's needed.  They would have to unionise separately
If it's 4 ounces or under of milk, don't charge. Like that's it. The only exception is frappuccinos because they're milk-based, the POS will automatically charge for a dairy to nondairy swap.

If they want an iced coffee with extra milk, charge. If they want an iced tea with milk instead of water, charge.  If they want a brewed coffee with a bit of milk? No charge unless they ask for a misto/cafe au lait. If it's more than 4 ounces, then you charge.

A good visual frame of reference is like... On a cold grande cup, going from the bottom line to the 2nd line, or 2nd line to 3rd line, IIRC that's 4 ounces.
It is absolutely disgusting, I agree.  And people have tried to call him out on the way he talks about Canarsie, too, but that goes unnoticed.  When he was living in Canarsie, it was considered proper middle-class, and didn't really include working class until around the 60s and 70s, when he would have been in his teens.

I know it's WaPo, but [here's an interesting article](https://www.washingtonpost.com/politics/howard-schultz-says-he-grew-up-in-a-poor-rough-place-those-who-lived-there-called-it-the-country-club-of-projects/2019/03/13/4f26b800-39e9-11e9-a06c-3ec8ed509d15_story.html) about Bayview, the housing development he lived in as a kid. His story about Bayview has changed over the years. He went from saying it was "all brand new" and pretty nice, to it being the projects and how sometimes he just had to fight to get by.

In the 70s, the local demographic became... less white. He graduated from university in 83 i think? So I really hope his view of Bayview/Canarsie didn't get...uh... skewed because of that. Probably wouldn't be a good look if that were the case.  But that's just hypothetical, looking at articles for the history of the area.

Also I love that the only story he tells about his father is how he fell on the job once and was let go. We never hear any other stories about his dad, what he did, etc. and there's no way to look it up on the internet. Not that I've tried.
In all honesty, I wouldn't be able to recognise Rossann if she were stood in front of me *with* a nametag. But that's funny if it was her lmao
many (not all) anti-union activities by employers are actually very illegal ...
Yes, you can cover shifts at a non-union store, despite the propoganda otherwise. No, they're not immune to being fired, but they're immune to being fired on a whim, Starbucks would actually have to follow whatever procedure is determined in the contract instead of being arbitrary. As to transferring to a non-union store, I am unsure how that would work.
Omg thank you so much this just helped me even more
Thank you for responding. I couldn’t seem to figure it out and maybe I came off as a shill in my original post. I think this is fantastic, but it’s gotta be lead by partners that care because a union is only what you make of it. And I’m not super knowledgeable on unions in general, but if Starbucks has the cash for lawyers and propaganda are they going to legally retaliate and make life (even more of) hell. Watching that video still bothers me, they were being “nice” but with a hard slant towards NO obviously. If this gets voted yes, are they gonna come down hard? How do strikes even work, would the employees be against the union or against Starbucks. Are scabs just partners from different stores that cover those shifts while they picket? How can I help support people by educating them on the pros and why good leadership is so necessary. I’m worried there’s actors working undercover to spread misinformation who you wouldn’t assume were. But leadership in unions and bringing concerns and forward thinking agenda to the conversation is so important.
I see this a lot on this reddit and in my store.

Baristas complaining about customers ordering a no ice refresher and a cup of ice on the side.

Or saying people who want ice water should pay.

Or arguing with customers over the 4oz milk rule.

Why do you care how much Starbucks makes? They aren't paying you enough, don't defend them.

Take this from a 7 year partner.... Just give it to the customers, don't stress and only push back against customers abusing the system when it starts making you or your coworkers lives more difficult.

You'll figure out the balance and you'll be much less stressed about it.

Edit: This post has spiralled into people thinking I'm saying not charging people. Lol. No it's about baristas freaking out about things that are already sbux policy to just give the customer. Also here and there giving someone that hasn't repeatedly abused the system (aka made you and your coworkers life harder) something for free makes your life easier and follows sbux "making moment right" "surprise and delight" and "just say yes". Contrary to what a lot of people think this makes your job easier. 

It also doesn't effect labor. Sbux will slash labor over and over again anyway. I'm not talking every other car, but when non regular Susan gets to the window and asks for a scoop of strawberries in her tea, it actually makes more sense labor wise to just give her the strawberries, rather than ring her up for them, because in that same time frame you can squeeze another customer into the half hour count who will likely order something $5+, not to mention if Susan isn't a shitty customer trying to scam us the good customer service will likely make her a more frequent customer aka increasing sales aka labor.

When Susan becomes a regular and starts making you and your coworkers life harder by ordering strawberries at the window everyday start charging, break the habit, and move on.

It's about balance. It's about making your job easier.
I only got annoyed if the customer is rude or if we were running low on the product. Or for example if they are back seat baristas when I'm making the drink. "Too much that, not enough this." One lady would drive me absolutely mad because she'd say less this or that, but then once she sipped it, she wanted more of what she told me to leave out. Those people are a waste of time. 

Basically I agree, but it will still depend on the customer how much I care.
As long as they ask nicely, I don’t care. If they’re acting entitled, I don’t want to reward that kind of behavior. It just leads to more entitlement.
THIS. I've noticed it the same exact baristas too that hate corporate but also are a stickler about prices. Like yall, if you really want to get back at corporate stop shaking down costumers for every cent and give people the extra Oz of milk. Starbucks can afford it.
I will always. And forever. Give water for free. It’s a necessity. It’s a human need. It’s a need of species way more than humans. If Starbucks charged for water I’d have gotten fired by now because I’d refuse to charge.
yup i learned that pretty quickly. i did not get paid enough to care what any customer wanted lmao. i just shrugged and did it. sbux does not give a shit that you defended them or whatever lmao. if they did they would pay you more :)
Seriously! When I worked as a barista... I didn’t care. Why should I? I’m making the coffee regardless of if the customer is spending $4 or $7. As long as they didn’t have a shitty attitude it’s all the same to me. Some baristas get so worked up, and are personally offended. Starbucks overcharges for coffee, some people try and hack the system. Plus, is it worth getting worked up over? Why ruin your own day being mad about something that doesn’t personally have to cause you any grief.
Fine, but water + ingredient will be a custom iced tea until the day I burn my apron.
I have to have this conversation SO OFTEN with my partners.  I'm the Store Manager, so if I say it doesn't matter IT DOESN'T MATTER. now if someone orders two shots over ice in a venti cup with extra cream to the top, yeah I'm letting them know that's a breve latte, but I'M the one responsible for letting them know because it's my store. They make connections, they make drinks, they make best moments. I make plans and overarching decisions. That's the point of having an SM, to deal with the stressy aggressy situations.

Edit: I'm not speaking self-importantly when I say if I say it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter, more from the standpoint of it's my job to know what is worth arguing about with customers and what isn't, so I have researched and discussed these standards with peers and my leaders. Realized after posting that sounded narcissistic.
The main reason why I have an issue with it is because the vast majority of customers who are looking for a cheaper alternative are super rude and entitled about it. I have a problem with Karen paying ~$3 for an iced triple espresso with white mocha and extra two percent because she complained about it not being filled to the brim while a kind customer is paying ~$6 for the same drink. I just see shitty customers get rewarded so often that I don’t want to cater to them🤷🏻‍♀️
Because Baristas can be Karens too.
I feel it 100% but at the same time if it isn’t a regular I don’t want to be “tHaT sTaRbUcKs” that gives them a latte when they order an espresso- I just want to help create consistently among baristas
if you're cool... sure.  


If you're a dick... nah.  I turn into colin robinson watching people twist their nut over it.  


Take this from a twenty plus year partner... I don't get upset or stressed over it. I also never get written up or in trouble from upstairs.   


never had a write up over a customer doing this. I never stress about it, I get giddy knowing I don't create or nurture monsters.  


The key is TWO things. You tell the customer that there is a SERIOUS issue of people doing their jobs wrong. Tell them WE are SO SORRY!  And you give them their drink FOR FUCKING FREE! But... let them know, that you will NEVER be able to ring it up that way for them... EVER. This one is ON the fucking house, but don't bring that crap back here. EVER.  


second: if you get push back from above you... ask the questions the RIGHT way when asked why...  


"so if a close friend of mine came in here and I charged them for a double shot with extra milk would I get written up?"     


I would?   


"cool cool cool. So If I rang up EVERYONE who ordered a latte like that would I get written up?"  


I WOULD???  


It's happened a few times over the decades and it turns into a district wide email on "RING PEOPLE UP FOR THE DRINKS CORRECTLY" quoting directly from the handbook.  


The super Karens of the area know to avoid my store because after they come to mine, and make it a big deal trying to go over our heads. It turns into a lock down at their other stores for the same crap.  


It's freeing really.
So long as I'm not breaking the rules or explicit supervisor direction (which can get me coached, written up, or fired), it's outside my job.

If some TikTok "Starbucks hack" asks me to violate those rules, I won't. Otherwise I am being compensated to do that thing rather than not. Hell, I'll try to get the customer the same item for less - for example, a cold brew with added vanilla sweet cream is more expensive than a vanilla sweet cream cold brew with no vanilla syrup, and I punch that in all the time.

I'm paid to provide service without breaking the rules. That's it. I do what I agreed to do in exchange for compensation - if I'm not paid to make myself upset over someone's odd order, I won't.
I fucking love the discourse on this post. Both sides are making valid points it's fun to see the discussion.
Look I’m not ringing up an iced triple espresso with white mocha in a venti cup and 2% to the top as a venti iced white mocha because I care about a billion dollar corporation, I do it because 1) we get more labor when it’s charged correctly, 2) because otherwise that customer is gonna try to order it at other stores and yell at baristas just trying to do their jobs because “tHe OtHeR sTaRbUcKs DoEs It” and 3) it’s a pain in the ass to read and comprehend those paragraph long stickers for something that should only be one line
Plus the people that do this are almost always entitled assholes, I’m not about to do them a favor lmao
#This
Can I get a gallon of milk on the side pls? I forgot to get it at the grocery store 🤦‍♂️
The thing is: when every other car is finding shenanigans around the pricing, our store’s costs go up and profits per hour go down. And also, often drive through times are driven up by ridiculous drinks. 

I don’t like corporate. Most of the corporate plants on this sub can lick my hairy butthole. But lower store profits means less hours for the store. 

Less hours for the store means less money for the people doing the work.
The reason people complain is because it does make more work 🤷‍♀️ but also in that same vein, why not charge everyone for a short cup of pike then just make them whatever drink they want. It creates communication issues and breaks the flow in addition to making more work. And it feeds into this customer sense of entitlement that creates situations where people feel it’s okay to throw drinks at baristas, cuss them out, scream at them over bar, etc. when they don’t get their way. I don’t care about starbucks’ bottom line, what I care about is being spoken to and treated like a human being and in my experience, 100% of the time people that do things like this are the problematic assholes.
I charge customers correctly for what they ask for, because I refuse to be "the other starbucks" that doesn't follow standards. Sorry 🤷‍♀️
It’s not about the company for me. In my experience, the people usually trying to save a few cents are rude about it. It just feels unfair to the nice customers that pay full price.
true this, but i feel like people abuse the 4oz rule by getting iced espressos every day and then ask for a tall cup of cream at handoff. just get a latte :/
At a target Starbucks they’ll cut our hours if labor is too high. I’m not getting my hours cut for customers lmao.
Unfortunately as much as I want to agree with this sentiment, the amount of money your store brings in directly affects your labor hours. It may seem harmless to give whatever modifiers for free but if people are doing it all the time, it really does add up.
I don't care how much money Starbucks makes, I'm actually cutting my availability to Mondays only. My problem is the impact on the environment. I think we should charge 10 cents a cup. We can use their cup if they bring it and not charge them but an extra cup for your drink or pup cup should be 10 cents to keep you environmentally conscious.
I don't care how much starbucks makes, but I do care how much my store loses. We are out of so many things with all the shortages that we don't have the strawberry acai or cups to give someone a trenta refresher with no water and no ice and 3 grande cups of ice with half water and inclusions.
It bothers me because if it doesn't work out they way they wanted, they get mad at me. If they try to order a latte via ordering shots of espresso, and I don't charge them for the latte size of milk, they get mad when they don't get a latte! If they try to order the same thing and I do charge them for milk, they get upset that it isn't cheap enough! Sorry lady, you played the game and lost, get out of my drive-through and stop yelling. I'll play the game where you get a caramel frap "with whip on top AND bottom" instead of ordering the caramel crunch, I don't care. But I'm using the POS as designed, I'm not risking a lecture from my shift manager for your 70 cents.
the only issue I've ever had with this is customers throwing fits when you ring something up correctly, vs the way THEY want you to. I've had a couple people harass my baristas over a few cents. I think it goes both ways.
Because we get in trouble from management about inventory and doing higher sales gets us more labor so we don't have to struggle as much.
I don't care about the price, I just want the earned labor. Conniving and scheming for lower priced drinks earns less labor, iced espresso earns less than a latte.
You're right I don't get paid enough to care about charging but I also don't get paid enough to be abused by somebody because they think I'm over charging for their drink. If I don't know you're ringing it up that and I don't know and I ring it in correctly I'M the one who has to take the shit.
Literally don’t understand why other baristas care sm? Like you said, corporate doesn’t pay us to give a shit lol
I don't concern myself with what the company thinks. I am satisfied with  charging as much as possible to those who abuse the system. 
I'd rather not run out of Strawberry Acai every week because 1 out of 5 cars orders three trentas with no water and no ice...
I’ll definitely be reminding myself of this. Not my money, not my problem. 😁
Right ? Also that’s just good customer service ...
A customer wrote this post lmao
I just want self serve water to come back there are so many kids that come in last summer during down time I'd make as many as i could so i could just chuck them out when i had other drinks and they only last like 10 minutes. And then the kids litter outside our store.
My coworker got fired for not operating the cash register correctly. Starbucks is looking for ways to cut labor....
#PREACH
I only care when it comes to modifiers that effect labor. Because we *need* all the labor hours we can get.
[deleted]
Wow you were upvoted and not bashed to banned'ville.  

I've worked in customer service and learned the less I worried about what a customer paid-for and requested, the better my day(s) was going to be.  The stuff I stressed out about, was of no concern of peeps sitting in the corporate office.  They werent loosing sleep.  So I learned to let-it-go.  Partners were **amazed** with the way I handled daily customers.  Remember not to take things personal, and they could have a lot more going on, than they share.

Partners dread working with negative-Nelly, so be the one to make shifts enlightening.  Learn everything printed on recipe cards and not from shortcut-Sally.

If you find you dislike making special drinks, its OK to quit doing what you hate.  Let that shiat go, or clock out.
You don’t have 88 cents after your Starbucks app hit 0? I don’t care at all, have a nice day and here’s your drink.
I'm sure Starbucks is aware of people ordering this way, they even let you do these customizations on the app. If they don't set rules against it, then why should we care. That's how I see it.
This! The baristas at my store are so stingy about every little thing and making sure they pay for it or not giving out just cups of ice. Ridiculous.
Yep, totally agree
I know I was always like that. I was like why do people take it personally when someone is trying to get their drink cheaper or outright scam Starbucks? It’s not my money.
I will always make sure rude customers are paying correctly, its like the only way I can punish them for mistreating me. 
I will keep charging waters with strawberries as 50 cents becsuse fuck them for thinking that should be a custom tea
Honestly you’re right but something in me really hates it when people do it. Is it the smug attitude the give ordering it? Is it that they think that I’m stupid and am being tricked? Idk but I agree I shouldn’t care its just annoying
If you give me micro-comps, I just pass that savings directly back to the barista via tip.
LITERALLY!! i made a vanilla cold brew with extra sweet cream but the customer looked like she wanted more sweet cream.. i literally just gave her a tall cup of sweet cream lmaoo. oh u want whats left of the frap in another drink? lmao fair, its not like it happens enough times for me to be upset about it. why not add another cakepop to this order? ik theyre not gonna complain so🤷🏻‍♂️
Isn't one of our values to assume the best on others? I tell my team to make our customers happy. And especially after the past year, we can all afford to be generous.
I agree with what your saying but being accurate with certain things can help with getting hours at certain stores.
YEAH WHO CARES DUDE DO NOT STRESS YOURSELF OUT OVER TIK TOK DRINKS LOL DO NOT OVER COMPENSATE WHEN IT IS BUSY GO AT YOUR PACE BE COOL
4 oz milk rule?
Wow you have amazing work ethic
Literally if I had a dollar for all the times this happened over the years I’d have enough money to leave. Like as long as people are nice and not crazy I don’t give af about how they order
I used to use the milk for cereal at my university when i was a broke student 😅
Starbucks doesn’t pay us enough in general
I completely, one hundred per cent agree with all of this, and I have only been a partner for three months.
i dont care about the customer getting more bang for their buck but i'm a high strung perfectionist and i don't know how to make a refresher with lite ice
Haha that part though i agree! Petty match petty 🤣🤣
Bro a few times in my six years I have heard my coworkers basically shake down the person at window for something like  $.02 CENTS. WHY. It’s 2 cents and they got 5 drinks!! SEND THEM ON THEIR WAY. BYE. I don’t have the time in my already long line to wait for them to search for 2 pennies when they paid $25.
Honestly, for some I think it's because deep down you get frustrated with it, and know that all the money they lose to customers like that is money that can't go to employees. However, you're right, because corporate wouldn't ever give that money to the employees anyways.

I think even more of them also hate corporate because they want to see a fair environment for employees, and also hate those customers because they are abusing the system. They just see corporate catering to a system that's unfair to honest customers. And many of those honest customers are really great people.
When someone waits until they get their drink to ask for more milk it messed with drive times as well as people on bar making the drinks. How drinks are made also counts toward labor cost which goes into how many people are needed and how many hours a manager is allocated for baristas.
Those are people that are never happy with anything. Nothing is ever good enough if they aren't the one who has made the decision.
Exactly. The fact some places charge for water is beyond me. Mcdonald’s charges anywhere from .30-.50 cents for a large water (.10 cents for a medium at the one I worked at!! like tf) I literally got in trouble so many times for giving people ice water for free if it was bigger than a small
There was a place at the mall I used go work at that charged like 50 cents for a large cup of water, not for the water but to account for the cost of the cup which made sense. I feel like Starbucks shouldn't charge for water, but maybe not allow people to get venti and trenta cups as those are the cups we run out of the fastest (at least at my store). Or not allow people to get cups of just ice. Everyone knows what they're doing.
For real, I don’t mind letting the rules slide here and there for nice customers but I guess I’m just so jaded and petty that I’m a stickler when it comes to correctly charging rude people.
Don't burn the apron. Send me a backup instead.
Them's the rules.
I don't think it sounded narcissistic. I did read after your added your edit.

I don't want partners jobs to be harder then they are! Connect, make drinks, make moments as you said! 

I only had one store where we had a milk waste issue  (that I knew about). It was my first store, small cafe only, my SM shared it with us one day asking if we could hit with every type of milk when ringing in brewed coffees at the register 🤣. Idk if that was allowed or what would've happened if everyone had actually done it (milk excess?)... But I did it on every brewed coffee for months and she said years later after I moved stores that it actually made a huge difference.
This. I don't care about the money, I just hate the entitled people who do this and don't want them to just have their way.
It's this. I never cared about the money but literally everyone who does this isn't doing it to save money, they're doing it so they can feel like they're putting one over on the Stupid Retail Monkey and are very, very clear abut this.
Here’s the thing I’ve learned though: those entitled shitty customers just feel more entitled and empowered when you push back, they argue, and then win because the shift or SM gives in. It just makes them behave worse the next time. I’m not willing to feed that.
Dude I have a Karen partner at my store and she triggers me so much. She literally argues with every customer & she brings our connection scores down. I’m so uncomfortable I’ve requested to not be scheduled when she’s there.
This. I agree with the overall sentiment but I want consistency. I don’t want partners being yelled at because ‘the other starbucks charges me 2.90 for my venti iced doppio with light ice and extra 2%!!1” Also the type of people who do all these hacks tend to be pretty shitty individuals and I will never reward piss poor behavior.
I agree with this, ill go to the moon and back for a costumer that is nice, but I don't reward assholes. It's why I make it a point to hand out recovery cards to the nice people when we mess up. Don't want jerks to be the only ones who get those
Like ringing up a venti iced triple dirty chai as a venti iced latte add chai. Almost a whole dollar cheaper
I enjoy the salted caramel as a latte, not as a mocha. The chocolate is too sweet. Asking for a salted caramel latte or a toffee nut latte add salt sprinkles is cheaper than a salted caramel mocha no mocha, but gets me confused puppy head tilt at least 60% of the time. 

Yes I pay like $.70-$1 more when I order it as a mocha, but it’s less confusing and I’m more likely to get the drink made right so I don’t care.
Ristretto really is bae though. Lmao
It's not gonna make a difference in labor if you give Susan an extra ounce of milk at the window. 

Regular Karen asking for two shots with half n half to the top..yeah charge her.
Um then you should be mad at people asking for complicated drinks or the Starbucks rewards stuff or any other non-common ask from a customer. 

Asking for a drink and ice separately isn’t too big a deal. Asking for more than 4 oz of milk is big.
You can't just charge for a short pike because that would invalidate the BoH systems stock counting. Someone paying $10 for a drink is going to feel *more* entitled, not less. Same communication issues, same break in work flow, and the customer feels more entitled because they've paid more.

Its completely valid to be annoyed at having to make constant drinks with 5+ modifiers, but the only people who should be annoyed at a partner for incorrectly ringing an item is the management team that look after stock. If you're a barista getting annoyed at another barista for not ringing up a particular thing, you're just venting that the person who ordered a complex drink isn't out-of-pocket for annoying *you.* And that kind of antagonism isn't sustainable in any job, you'll burn yourself out.
Ya but it's not like your not on the clock anyway... if you didn't have to do that extra work then you would still have to be working on other things.
This. I do not care like any customer enough to let them cheat a $5 discount while we’re drowning from reduced labor. Pay the correct price for the drink you want or get out ❤️✨
Yep. And good customer service actually makes your job easier! 

Sbux should def pay more but at least (compared to all the other food service jobs I've worked) they let you have more control over making "the moment right" as opposed to freaking out/needing manager approval over things that cost them pennies.
Giving stuff away for free isn’t good customer service that’s just giving stuff away for free
omfg
If I got a dollar tip from every person who has said that to me over the 20 years I've bartended, served, and have been a barista, I'd be a millionaire.

If I got a dollar for every person who said that who actually followed through... I'd have about a dollar, lol.
If you give them an inch they’ll take a mile and go scream at baristas at other Starbucks for just doing their jobs. I will charge them properly and if they’re a decent person there won’t be an issue. If they raise hell about it then they didn’t deserve it in the first place.
Yeah but getting annoyed/mad about it isn't gonna change anything. It just hurts you.
In my state its illegal to charge for water however places like dunkins gets away with it claiming they are paying for the cup
We have a homelessness problem in this country and you're going to tell me I am charging someone's food money for water????? No.
I will always. And forever. Give water for free. It's a necessity. It's a human need. This is a thread about Starbucks making enough money to not care about things like this and you're coming in here with that lmfao.
Don’t worry starbucks can afford the cup. If they couldn’t they would start charging. Money is the most important thing to them. Don’t believe otherwise.
what are they doing w cups of ice ??
Yep having good vibes during a shift makes life so much better.  Some peeps egos depend on bashing others.
I've had people come in and just ask super nice to make sure to do something because last time it wasn't done.   


I'll recover the drink right now and be like: "thank you for giving us another chance to make it right!"  If they're nice about it still. You get a card.
If I were to order this in the mobile app, how many pumps of chai would I add? As many as the iced chai of the same size?
Ooh didn't know that one
Yeah I'd pay seventy cents for that convenience.

Confused puppy deal might be about the sprinkles. Everything but the sprinkles is available year round - the sprinkles are for Holiday and Winter periods and then while supplies last. Idk. I've made hella toffee nut mochas with caramel drizzle.
It is! It totally is!
The difference in labor happens when the Karen happens 700 times a day. That 75 cent difference adds up really fast when almost every car does it.
Yes people asking for complicated drinks is obnoxious. 

I don’t find the asking for a separate cup of ice and no in the drink to be annoying. It’s the nonstandard amount of milk that gets on my nerves. Like if someone orders a shaken espresso but in reality they want an iced latte. Just order that, Karen because you’re just making life miserable for everyone else involved.
There’s no modifier that you can ring up that says “don’t shake the shaken espresso, fill the cup with milk instead” so my frustration is not wrongly placed. Customers should just order iced lattes is that’s what they want. The communication issue lies with them. And no, the people who order the expensive drinks don’t act more entitled because their ticket says exactly what it is they want. They’re easier to serve. It’s people who don’t order correctly that make the job way harder than it needs to be.
Right I get paid either way but the longer I spend on this persons drink the longer other people wait which means the more I get screamed at. And having to break my flow to give you thirty different modifications to your drink that you didn’t specify when you were at the counter is exactly what causes this situation.
They always emphasize “make the moment right” and that’s the point I make every time it’s mentioned I didn’t charge them for something. This is usually the case when someone asks for a drink that’s no longer on the menu but ringing it in drives up the cost $2-3 more than it was when it was on the menu.

TikTok drinks on the other hand... I’m punching it in exactly as they order it (unless it’s one of those “hacks” for cheaper latte, refresher, etc).
Exactly ! Making the moment right is everything, people who leave feeling good, return and bring their friends...
Maybe not good for business, but it IS good customer service. As a customer, I love getting things for free.
Starbucks literally teaches partners to "surprise and delight the customer". Sometimes you throw someone a free lemon loaf because they were kind to you, or you give someone a right now recovery because they're on their way to pick up their loved one's ashes, or you remake a drink three times because the customer is new to Starbucks and has no clue what they like yet. 

Generalizations are dangerous and over simplify the complexity of situations.
It just depends. It's all about balance. For example when I ring up a salted caramel mocha during non holiday time.... I don't always charge for the caramel drizzle esp if they are getting an alt. milk, and not asking for extra caramel drizzle. I just type caramel drizzle in the ask box. 

Does that mean I give things out left and right? Leave off modifiers and confuse bar? Absolutely not. It's about balance. And it makes your job a lot easier.
Aw, sorry! I truly do, though. I don't expect anything free, so when I get free queso on my burrito at Moe's and they don't mark it, I feel like a lottery winner! I tip regardless, though!
Exactly. At my last job if a homeless person came in I would sneak them a cheeseburger when they would come in for a water.
I'm not saying don't give people free water. I'm saying don't let people abuse the fact that we give free water.
For their trenta no ice drinks 😂
Making multiple smaller drinks while only paying for one big one.
Yes! If you’re getting an iced venti size, it’s 6 pumps standard
We get dirty chais a lot and rang it up different one day to see, we were flabbergasted
Oh I mean during the time when it is available on menu as a holiday drink.
Actually the shaken espresso now charges for the increased amount of milk and charges for alternative milks, thus making the milk part of the build, not an addition, and meaning you do fill it up if they ask for light or even no ice.
Customers don't know the menu like we do. They don't know what they want with the right terms. They try a drink like the shaken espresso.... And go hmm... I like this.... Wish there was less ice though...so they ask for less ice.

I'm not about to tell every customer who wants a light ice brown sugar shaken espresso.... Oh hey you should order a iced latte with brown sugar, oat milk, and light ice.. because then I'll have to explain the difference between a shaken espresso and an iced latte. I will tell some though.

Guide them when you can, especially when it will create less confusion and help them have a more consistent experience. 

My post isn't about not charging people correctly (aka not ringing things correctly) it's about not worrying about customers getting "hacks" that Starbucks already approves like no ice, ice on side.
That’s not customer service that’s just going up to the Salvation Army and getting free stuff except it’s not the Salvation Army it’s Starbucks lol
I got a recovery card because the baristas were fawning over a puppy. 😂 I was too so it was pretty hilarious.
Ok. I’m just trying to do my job quickly.
Yeah if you type it out and you’re fine with doing that then it’s fine. No issue there. And to be clear I really don’t care at all about “giving things away” like if someone orders an iced latte, no ice, and a cup of water, no water, extra ice, boom that’s perfectly clear to me what’s going on. What I don’t like is when customers ask for things at the bar and stop the flow because they weren’t clear at register. Specifically with this shaken espresso “I WaNt LigHt IcE” nonsense. They just need to order iced lattes and be done with it.
abuse... water...
I don’t care if a person comes in and orders 20 trenta waters. This company makes too much money for that to matter. “Abuse that we give free water”. Water should be free in the first place.
Thank you!!
Had customers argue when we attempted to make it cheaper for them, stopped after that.
That’s fine. I don’t care about the charging and not charging issue.
I’m not worried about the hacks stuff either I just want the least headache possible when trying to crank out drinks. And I think there is some responsibility on customers for knowing what it is they’re ordering whether that knowledge comes from the barista on register or on the app where the ingredients are listed. Because otherwise this cycle of them being angry for the wrong reasons gets perpetuated.
Mate if you think the occasional giveaway hurts the bottom line you've never been in food service long enough. Sometimes a freebie can turn a lost sale into a loyal regular.

If you bend the rules now and again you create a loyal customer base  that provide reliable revenue for the store.

If you fight people over a matter of pennies you'll never have them as a customer again. 

Why do you think samples exist? If you think it's good customer service to fight people over small things then I'm just laughing. It's about reading the situation.

Don't take abuse but it's good to be customer centric. Anything else is not your problem to worry about.
We have a pet of the month board that one of my shifts created. Speaking of, I really need to go get June's PotM picture printed... Maybe I'll do that today.
I've literally told nice customers about the latte trick since 2014... This year it caused a massive headache with two girls arguing with us. So now I don't bother.
Idk... I can count on one hand the number of times customers have gotten out of hand angry at me in the past two years at my current store...

I cannot count how many times, as a shift and in my current role as a barista...having had to bridge a communication gap between a frustrated/angry customer and a frustrated/angry barista over something a customer didn't understand. (Not excusing bad behavior on either side)
Ive worked in food service for more than a decade so you can stop with that assumption. I don’t care about fighting people over little things I explained that in other comments. I literally couldn’t care less about giving away free shit. What I care about is the communication issues that people not being clear at register creates. 

And at any rate getting free shit is not the definition of good customer service. That’s just charity. Good customer service is connecting with a customer. Are you saying that customers who don’t get free things are getting shitty customer service? There’s a distinction that’s worth drawing. 

Just to reiterate though. I don’t care. Take the whole damn store if you want just be clear when you’re asking about it.
I think we probably have different standards for customer behavior we are willing to excuse then haha. Either that or you’ve been blessed with some glorious customers. 

And I’m not clear what you mean? Are you saying that you’ve had this experience of miscommunication happen a lot between what a customer is wanting and what they’re getting?
Nah just a bit of a miscommunication. I see people who don't get why a business would be okay with freebies here and there and I always tell them there's a good reason.
I've witnessed a lot of customers get confused/frustrated because a barista tries to coach a customer on how to order something and they don't understand what the barista is saying because they don't understand all the terms.

Idk. It always crosses my mind when someone orders a hot green tea and the barista asks emperor's cloud and mist or Jade citrus mint.... And the customer is like uhhhhh?!?

I ask... Mint or no mint?

I don't sweat the little things, and keep it simple and I believe that's why I don't have angry customers.
As another example: I’ve had customers ask for grande in a venti cup for coffee. Quite literally some of them want the extra room because it’s too hot for them and they don’t want it sloshing and spilling. Other customers mean that they want you to fill that up to the top with cream. We aren’t mind readers so just assuming the same answer in both situations is how customers end up with things they don’t want. They need to tell a barista what they want or they won’t get it pure and simple lol
I think if you want something a certain way then you should say what you want, and then a barista can ring you up accordingly. I mean it’s a lose lose situation I feel like. If someone asks for something and then makes modifiers to that beverage and then it doesn’t come out how they think it should, then the responsibility falls on them for modifying the existing drink. If they’re picky enough to know they want to change the drink and go off the menu then they should be picky enough to know the things they want in their drink. That’s how I feel. And if that means a barista explaining to them that when you ask for light or no ice in an iced beverage where ice changes the consistency of the liquids (fraps, and shaken espresso) then they need to tell the customer that. I don’t want to confuse customers needlessly either but to me it’s a bigger headache to have the customer start messing with the recipe and then getting mad when it doesn’t come out how they think it should.
I JUST got up to 13 dollars.... why the fuck would I raise the price of your latte before I raised my own wage?
“Are you sure that you got it right? It’s supposed dot be $XXX” 
“Did they raise the price on that?”

I. Don’t. Know. They. Don’t. Tell. Us. Things.
They usually up the prices with each seasonal launch from what I've figured out. It's super annoying and I wish they would at least let us know in the weekly updates or something. If we're gonna be the ones to face the ire from customers then we should at least be forewarned.
Yeah. Bacon Gouda is now over 5 bucks at my store. For that tiny little sandwich??? I’ve been telling people to just go to the deli next door.
It wasn't that price yesterday!
“Ma’am I’m a college student working minimum wage do you really think I have any bearing or say in these price changes?”
Likely going to play it off as 'look! We're trying to work with them so they don't unionize but look what they made us do!'
Dang! Good to know, I guess. Just went to check my usual order and it's up by $0.22 USD after tax.

Sorry people are being buttheads. Obviously not your guy's fault.
The cost of Pike went up and I’m elated. Some the drip coffee customers are the worst at our store.
“Well you know before I got out of the board meeting I told Howard, you cheap SOB we need to raise prices!! Then I came straight here to work the register ☺️ “
Omg the customers were like “its a TALL COFFEE, right?!” Yes shut up😭😭😭i didnt raise the price bro i just work here
My response to them is : I don’t know man, I just work here then I shrug 🤷🏻‍♂️ 😂
My favorite? When they *REARRANGE THE ENTIRE POS ORDER SCREEN* on one of the busiest days of the year, rather than doing it a week in advance so people arent *RELEARNING* how to ring in orders while we are slammed. Like how 'tf are these people so stupid??? Come down from your ivory tower and do some actual work assholes.
Why on earth would a customer think that thr barista is responsible?
It usually happens especially during Holiday launch , at least for me it’s been 3 Holiday launches now and it always happens, so you could just tell the customers that and there’s nothing you can do :(
dude this customer always comes in and gets the same thing and the price when up and he was like “you’re putting that in the system wrong bc it’s always $4.80” and i read his order back to him word for word. like why would i overcharge you for no reason 😐
Price changes happen with every launch. The major price changes happen at the new year. This new year upcoming/winter fy22 will be steep hikes on food and sauce based drinks.
Lol me when I got fussed at over the increased price of a chocolate croissant. Sorry, I just work here. 🤷🏾‍♀️
People really should know by now that holiday launch comes with a price increase. Happens every year. My current job is probably going to go up soon too. We have had the same prices since 2019 and they usually go up yearly.
For customers and partners alike, SBUX raises the prices before EVERY Christmas Holiday season, without fail.
We had a lady complain about that today too and of course she told off one of my co-workers. Like lady, we have literally zero control over that, sorry.
What bothers me is that they will, without fail, raise their prices every seasonal launch but a yearly raise is not garunteed. The stores in my area haven't seen a wage raise for something around 5 years until that January pay raise. (Which did nothing because they cut our hours in half right when it went into effect) I was a barista for a few years before I transferred to this area and because of the raises I had received at my previous stores, I was making more than baristas at my new store who had been there for over 10 years. That is so insane to me.
I had a couple of customers ask us if this meant we got raises recently. I could tell they weren't coming from a place of being happy that we did.
Thankfully I'm a partner so I get my drinks for free on the floor. But holy shit it was so expensive before my partner put my numbers in. And it was only a grande.

I remember when they jacked up the espresso shots in August by so many cents and so many ppl got pissed off at it. It was fucking horrible imo.

Now it's even worse bc someone's grande latte cost literally 60¢ more today than yesterday. Like bruh. A 60¢ difference is sm money. I wouldn't be shocked if we started losing customers to other coffee shops.
I mean, they’re in the perfect situation. They know they can do whatever they want because the baristas and shifts will take the beating for any poor decisions they make. Why put in the effort and do the work when someone else is gonna take the fall for you? It’s perfect!
I understand the frustration but not the surprise. They literally change the prices at every launch. Always has been
I told my staff via group chat lol
a regular complained to me today about how his VeNtI Espresso frap is now $6.15
I’ve had like 10 angry customers today bc of that lmao.
I had someone refuse to pay today because it was $0.22 more than it was yesterday so I refused to give her the drink if she wasn’t going to pay. I’ve been a partner for a little while so luckily I knew the price increase might be coming🙃 I know it’s easier said then done, but don’t be afraid to stand your ground. Don’t let the assholes walk all over you. We don’t get paid enough for this shit
My question is WHY STARBUCKS ? So many other local cafe most of which will have better coffee ! Unless u like shitty coffee at high prices ?
Caffeine withdrawal can make some people act like the most Floridian of crackheads, I swear. “My grande Pike is HoW mUcH nOw!!!???” *Starts self-combusting in front of everyone in the store*
Oh yeah, this happened way too much. I never had Starbucks back though. I would just say "oh yeah, corporate tends to raise the prices and never informs anyone. Sorry."
Wait, the prices actually changed today? Someone commented on it (I wouldn’t call her a “regular” but a “comes by somewhat often and makes her presence known so it feels like she’s there a lot” customer) and commented that the prices were higher. I thought it was just her complaining, or since we were in Midtown NYC our sales tax is higher than other places. 

Like, the way she went about it was annoying, but at least I know if anyone says it again that it was true. (Genuine comment; I’ve been using free drinks since I started working here and prior to that as a customer I accepted Starbucks was expensive and something I couldn’t have every day but would just pay without looking at the price so I don’t know what things cost)
I didn’t notice any prices hikes today. I work in Seattle Washington. I know they usually just do the price adjustments for inflation. Crazy how bacon Gouda is more than $5 in some places.
I ordered the same thing the past 5 yeats i moved to the us and everytime i saw a higher price i would freeze for like 2 seconds, looking confused.
Sigh. Even yesterday someone asked me for both a stopper and a sleeve. I'm like, "sure! Lemme grab those". They proceed to complain that WE are skimping them on this stuff while they're paying for their five dollar latte.

"Hey, that's not our call. Starbucks makes the rules"

They proceed to complain more. Why. Why, y'all.
I found this out yesterday morning.  The guy was nice about it, but I had to apologize so much for the price going up. I cant believe a large drink is $6+ now, with venti pike being $3+
I was so sad I wanted Starbucks after class but they closed at 1 p.m due to short staffing :/
It would make sense though, that if the employees are getting universal raises that the price would increase as well
Back in 2006 or 2007 I was chewed out by my fellow Barista's mother for a $0.01, voter approved sales tax increase.  Oh, and if I remember correctly, the revenue from that $0.01 sales tax increase was to help with the budget of our local firefighters.
So glad to see no one else was told. Found out from my barista being questioned by a custy. Happy days.
Thank the gods we got that 5% pay raise in October, amirit?!
Hi, if you are interested you can check this article: [https://www.theistanbulchronicle.com/post/even-with-drastic-increases-in-price-people-continue-to-buy-starbucks-drinks](https://www.theistanbulchronicle.com/post/even-with-drastic-increases-in-price-people-continue-to-buy-starbucks-drinks)
I hit buttons. Say numbers.
None of our signage for the holiday launch came so none of the prices are gonna match the previous green board. This will be fun 🙄
Specifically, there is usually a price increase coinciding with holiday launch. The other launches don't typically have much in the way of price changes (maybe one or two items, but not the across the board of holiday).

I think last year they pushed the price increase back a launch or two.
someone on here called the bacon gouda a single slider and now I can’t unsee it. It’s such a rip off
When In-N-Out is literally down the street and it’s like $8.10 for a double double meal while here it’s $5 for the drink alone
It's sad because bacon goudas usually sell out too

Wouldn't really put it past people that pay $6-7 for coffee so...
Went to get an impossible sandwich today (they’re pretty much the only thing I still get there, aside from the occasional ridiculous coffee milkshake) and it was $5.50. I’m a little heartbroken, honestly.
"YESTERDAY'S PRICE IS NOT TODAY'S PRICE"

\- Fat Joe, and starbucks
Do these people buy gas? Just wondering.
Let them. I’ll gladly pay extra for my drink if it means you guys don’t get shafted on pay and benefits.
This is 100% the current strategy. They've realized that they're losing. And to prevent a union (i.e. total loss), they're giving some things to partners to help quell the resistance. But the goal is to take a short term loss for a long term win - by trying to convince the general public that "greedy" pro-union partners are the reason for price increases. If they successfully associate unions with higher prices, public opinion turns and corporate regains power. Also the frustration from the prive increase will be directed at the lowest level partners, so corporate can "save the day by not having to raise prices anymore, if only that union nonsense would stop."
I got a drip coffee the other day and then realized I could get my usual "fancy" drink for close to the same price! Like 3.50. (I was kinda shocked cause last time I got drip it was like $2 or something like that but ya know, inflation...) 😩

Curious, why are drip customers so crabby?
cAn I Get a pIKEs plAcE With tHrEe eSsPreSsO

Shoot me now
Howard? He isn't at the board meetings anymore. Which board meeting did you go to?
Customers simultaneously treat us like minimum wage garbage and somehow also think we have a lot more power than a minimum wage would suggest. It's insane, actually.
[deleted]
These people do not understand. I DONT KNOW YOU, why would I target you of all people for a price change 😭😭
Half the company is new hires, the surprise isn't... surprising.   To me at least. For me personally, that just wasn't a pattern I noticed because I never pay for anything.
Our customers buy sugar milk with a splash of coffee lmao.
Right! A venti coffee when I got hired was 2.92 and now a grande is 2.92. Even before the launch a TALL pumpkin spice was 5 dollars... like what the hell starbucks.
I went to my local store around 11am-ish on Sunday. They closed at 9am due to the staff shortage. I’m
I’m 100% here for people leaving to find employment with a livable wage or at least where they won’t deal with trash working conditions.
It doesn't make sense because they made enough to pay me this a decade ago. The price increased because they want it to, not because we got 50 cents.
And sometimes I can barely do that! 😩
[deleted]
Bacon Gouda is a single slider but instead of a burger it's a homogeneous egg patty. 

FOR 5 DOLLARS
I’m just a customer but I had to comment - 

My 8 year old now wants me to order her TWO bacon Goudas! No way kid.
Don't even get me started on the Impossible Sandwich that vegan people can't even eat.
It's that small? Lol
Burger King has a pretty solid Impossible Sandwich if there’s one near your area. It doesn’t have the sausage-y texture but it’s good nonetheless imo
Gas is an absolute crap shoot. Where I live it could.be $2.50 or it could be $3.50. Give or take like 75 cents in either direction because honestly I think they spin a wheel and let it choose.
Thank you but it's a false narrative. Having looked at their earnings report for the last year they could easily pay everyone 24$ a hour and still be very profitable. But instead they want to do more stock buybacks with their extra money instead of helping us out.
Did you go to the party? Entirely about union- busting, especially their toxic "green thread"
I didn't even know about the union stuff but because I'm on this sub a lot, I've learned a lot more about your side of things.. 🧐
And I don't see how making customers even worse to us helps further that goal. If anything it only further, for lack of a better term, radicalizes us
The majority of them are super old, so anything changing makes them mad.
I don’t know why they are crabby, they usually are very impatient. We occasionally run out of brewed coffee, and they don’t like to wait. A lot of customers also order black coffee then ask for cream or sugar at the hand off. Order cream and sugar with your coffee and ask for it on the side. The condiment bar is not coming back.

Said customer then takes the pike to the trash and dumps HOT coffee into the trash can. Ask for room if you want room in the cup.
Can I get a black coffee?

At the window - can I get cream and sugar please?

💀
Still better than the people who ask for a pokes peak. In my store the people who call the dark roast “bold” are the most curmudgeonly old men who go out of their way to make people as miserable as they are.
That's how you can tell who has and hasn't worked service jobs I guess.
I work in sales and we are empowered to tell people mistreating us to pound sand. I wish yall could do the same.
Right like I’m gonna overcharge this guy and pocket the extra quarter!
That’s fair
Haha
“Makes sense” meaning, theyd rather raise the cost to customers than cut their own salary
throughout the day i get less and less coherent. by the time I'm tripping over my words like someone pushed me down the stairs like a slinky, then I know it's time to go home
One time I turned around to greet a customer whose order I had not taken and said, very confidently, “do you need anything else?”
Luckily our SM figured out that they sent our signage to another store so the issue was resolved quickly for once lmaoo
Yeah and I’ve had people order it where they take off the egg and the meat on it 🤡 like are you seriously gonna pay 5+ dollars for bread and cheese wtf
You gotta hit 'em with the "We have Bacon Gouda at home!"
Really? I really like it, but I agree, I only spend stars on that one.
Same in Ohio. Eek
Corporates can pay better with little to no price-hike. It’s the small biz that needs these kind of adjustments for wages. This is definitely about adjusting for inflation in order to maintain certain corporate practices.
Lol sounds like the airline I work for
Well, acting intelligently has never really been Starbucks corporate's forte.
Ah. Interesting bc my husband made a recent comment about how "morning coffee pot routine" ppl tend to be Boomers or GenX and I was like not necessarily.. but maybe there is a lot of truth to that 🤔

Side note.. I wish they had which roast was available as drip in the mobile app.. instead of calling the store ahead of time to find out lol. Would this be feasible I wonder?
Ohh I get it. I wasn't sure about the condiment bar.. I figured it would be back by now 😩

Once I asked for room and they did add-ins for me. Sadly it wasn't enough cream (idk how to specify that) but yeah, dumping it is so rude!!

Last time I had to wait for drip and asked how long it would be. They said about 3 minutes, which I was impressed! Then she personally gave it to me 😍

I'd say the only thing that really bugs me is when the mobile order wait time is WAY off and I end up standing there for 10 minutes.. but I guess you guys don't have much control over that!
Sorry I misunderstood. But yeah of course. Kevin tried to get like 50 million dollar bonus not to long ago but we can't pay rent. Love it here lol.
Haha me too! “Thinks fur cheesing sturbucks wha cin ah git fur ya?” I promise I’m not drunk. I’ve just been here since 5am.
I ALWAYS re-greet customers that are standing around waiting for the food I just put in the oven. 

"Hi! Good morning! What can I get started for..... you....."
You don’t know how many times I’ve taken payment at DT and said “have a great day!” And they’re like “I haven’t gotten my drink yet” oh…
A couple years ago FedEx dropped our Holiday promo set to the nearby licensed store and our box to them. It took me a hot minute to realize that NOTHING looked right. When I finally got it all boxed back up and over to the licensed store, their manager was equally confused as she had just opened up her set as well.
I made my kids their own “Starbucks” protein boxes…for like, $2 a box MAYBE
It might be, but there's a lot of issues they need to sort with the app as is. If it's not morning, just assume they only have pike. They can do a pour over of anything they have in the store at any time though. If you want to be nice to the barista, don't do it in the drive through though.
We don’t have any control over the estimated wait times for mobiles. We have no control over the amount or types of drinks ordered. Some take longer than others, plus that person is also making cafe and delivery orders. Depending on the time of day they are also making drive thru orders alone.

They changed the way we measure cream, it goes by 1/4inch increments now which may help.

Edit: Also, I don’t mind when people ask if I’m close to their order yet, if I can I just make it before the other mobiles in front of it.
(Customer orders like 3 drinks and a pastry)  


Me: (looking at clock on POS which so happens to be next to the total) "That'll be 3:30....wait a minute"
Thanks for the info! 

The inches thing may help.

Oh ok, I always hate bothering them if I am waiting for the mobile order I placed 10-15 mins ago... 😩 so thank you 🙂
Just recently had a day with mobile orders totally off, for reasons I won’t get in to, and it was really nice. I got to bring food and drinks out to customers in the cafe, and really connect with customers because we weren’t slammed on bar. Honestly 10/10 experience, and moral of the story is, mobiles have ruined what Starbucks is in my opinion. It’s not supposed to just be a place to get coffee, it should really be for connections and making everyone enjoy their time in the third place. Also i’m a cafe only store which helped

TLDR: Mobile Orders -> bad
Mobiles ruined it yeah but in my opinion, it’s really Drive thru that ruined it. I work at a super high volume  store and don’t even have time to connect with regulars I like.
Lol look, mobiles didn't do anything a drive thru didn't already do. As soon as they are stuck waiting in their car for ANYTHING the experience turns into fast food and that will shape people's attitude around it. It doesn't matter the tone you use when taking their order at the box, or that you say to have a nice day when they pull away, that alone doesn't make it a third place. It is literally not even a place many people even set foot inside of, and when all the stores resources are pointed at the drive-thru during peak then the experience for all of the employees will be one of working in fast food. Fuck the 3rd place propaganda, Starbucks hasn't been what it markets itself as for at least a decade.
At my store we make probably $1k or more from MOP a day. The company doesn't care about "the experience" when they stand to lose that kind of money.
Mobile and drive-thru ruined the "SBUX Experience." 

Well okay, there were other things that contributed to ruining it, but those 2 ensure that no matter what sort of changes in leadership, etc. there are, I don't think it can ever be recovered. 

For a long time I was like "Yeah...I worked at Starbucks for 10 years!" and I was proud of it. Now I basically whisper it.
At the end of the day it’s all about the almighty dollar.  Which is why it’s BS that we are known as partners because we are just employees, it’s not a family, it’s just a corporate grindstone.
I am 90% at the register and I like talking to people and certain times it depends who I'm working with they can be so mean that I have like a 30-second conversation with someone.
I mean thank you for making the drinks, wish I was put on bar more LOL but instead of being all mad you should be happy they come in and are the ones that leave us the tips.
The few times our mobile was turned off made for such a great day. We will still very busy but weren’t pulling our hair out trying to do multiple things at the same time. Each time it went back on we all sighed (cursed). Sucks that has to be that way! Best thing was no Uber! I swear every time I see an Uber ticket I want to scream. It’s always the worst time.
it also really goes to show that starbucks does not actually give a single shit about customer connections. just money.
Even before mobile ordering, (and pre-pandemic) most of the time there was no place to sit, and I and probably many others, sometimes like to stop in and get what we want and go. I live in NYC, so even with local access to multiple stores, seats were often all taken. if I know I'm heading over and might want something that can take time, I order it while a couple of blocks away, this way it's ready or close when I get there. Let everything pace itself. Other times, I've just gone with a book or a notebook and sat by the window and enjoyed my order. .

During the pandemic, being able to order all kinds of things to go via mobile has been a helpful way for me to get a bit of 'normal' in my otherwise isolated life as an immunocompromised person. I'm vaccinated, but with unknown protection, so I do still wear a mask and avoid going indoors as much as possible, so minimizing my wait time inside is a safety/accessibility issue.
65% of my store’s business comes from MOP alone, so it’s a nightmare when we try getting it shut off—even just for an hour or two to catch up. Let me tell you though, even if the DT is packed full (which it always is) I can tolerate my job SO much better. At that point of cafe/mobile is slow, that person can take time to either help out on DT bar or tidy up/stock/refill any syrups CS might have missed. I’m telling you, when I say I would love my job so much more if mobile ordering was done away with I’m not kidding. Screw MOP and whoever thought it was a good idea
Yeeeah the whole 3rd place thing is dead
Expect write-ups by the SM and/or DM because your sales were too low for them.
we literally do it every day
I worked in a non drive through store for years prior to mobile. I was part of a test district in the SF area back when mobile was launched. The whole Starbucks experience has truly not been the same since those days. The volume that is expected, the quality of partner and guest interaction, the training systems/ modules. Everything has (understandably) been forced to streamline and focus on efficiency and volume over everything. I’m biased cuz of when I worked, but things used to be significantly better then, and I haven’t had a great Starbucks experience as a guest in years, and that’s visiting stores across many places
Ngl as a customer I love mobile. I can order my coffee at 8am, pick it up by 8:20, and get to work without having to budget for up to 20 minutes in line/waiting for my drink. I don’t mind waiting when I’m with friends but I definitely mind that early in the morning when I need to get to work lol.
"It's not supposed to just be a place to get coffee" - it's not even a place to get coffee. It's not even a coffee shop. It's a sugary drink and horseshit concoction factory at obscene prices with terrible working conditions.
I like them because I have to get my coffee on the way to bring my kids to school.
OP do you work at a cafe only store?
I know it’s store to store, but I eventually asked to open at my store just to get the opportunity to connect with people in the morning before everything picked up. Also a cafe only. Worth noting that we also had the ability to do sharing at least twice a day on the average weekday, and we often would. I know a lot of stores absolutely do not have the ability to even do a minimal amount of connecting, let alone sharing on an average day. What really sucks is that customer connection is still highly prioritized by district managers, despite that order volume makes it almost completely impossible for most stores.
We had our Mobile order off for a week and a half because a storm knocked our internet off. When I tell you it was super nice and kinda relaxing to only have to worry about DT stickers and the occasional cafe, it was great 👌🏿
I will hate the day if I ever have to work at a dt store. You are awesome keeping up with that!
Same. In fact, our Opener SSV (yes, my SM only lets one SSV open 5 days a week) will actually scold our baristas for connecting with customers at the window.
Drive-thru, mobiles, and slamming poorly-made drinks out, trying to meet insane times. 💯 kills the experience. 

Total agreement. Makes me miss how chill SB used to be.
sort of related anecdote, my store does around $1-2k in MOP sales a day and we've had to turn mobiles off 3 times in the last week because we're understaffed, and it's just like.. we're losing out on so much potential revenue because corporate won't give us enough labor
Year we were down in sales pretty bad. I wish the company wasn’t so money driven. But I agree no experience matters when you lose over 1k per day according to starbucks.
Any workplace that calls it's workforce family is so cringe.
I think I have very good people skills and I truly love striking up conversation with anybody. I don’t even need to be at work to do that. My shifts/managers noticed that quickly and have basically always put me on window if possible. The DTO or front. I understand if you want to capitalize on peoples strengths but I’ve been here 4 months and I don’t think I’m truly good at bar yet because most day’s im never even on bar or support
I get what you're saying, I also have a disability that makes MO&P and similar systems very helpful.

But I think OPs problem isn't actually MO&P, it's that we're not staffed to serve it adequately while also giving good service to our lobby customers. We're forced, via metrics and customer abuse, to prioritize MO&P over engaging customers that choose to come in. When we have to make the choice on what to shut off to make the wait time even marginally manageable, MO&P is the first because it's uncontrollable. Drive is limited to how many cars can be in line. Lobby is limited to how fast your front ringers can ring. MO&P, as I experienced this morning, can send us 4 orders of 15+ items within 30 seconds, faster than anyone could ring up. And this was alongside the 20 other smaller orders that came in within the minute. We can't keep up with that volume of service without getting abused, either by customers waiting or the performance expected of us. 

If you like the service, I'd really recommend reaching out to corporate and advocating for better staffing at your local stores, especially if you've noticed they've had to shut down their MO&P service. Most of us don't hate MO&P entirely, we're just not being equipped to keep up with it.
In what area does a SM or DM write someone up for being slow on sales. What bass ackwards stores do you work at. Sorry mate.
Lol their the ones who can control turning them on and off. The register trick doesn’t work anymore
the SM/DMs are the only ones who can turn mobile off lol what
Yeah, with a DT I wouldn’t have been able to connect. Thankful for that!
They're stepping over dollars to pick up dimes. Everytime we get overwhelmed, MOP is the first thing we shut off. If they gave us more labor, we could keep up.
Our SM and DM would never let us turn off mobile regardless of how busy. And we're right next to like 5 big attractions.
And it's wild because really, MOP only (or MOP and drive) would be so much easier than lobby only or lobby and drive. Yeah they can send in 20 orders simultaneously, but you're not spending 3-6 minutes helping someone slowly figure out what they want and how to ring it up. No addressing the bathrooms for the fifth time this hour or getting scolded for a crumb on a table when breaks are behind at least an hour.

Does turning off reg 2 still shut off mop?
No. Turning off r2 won't shut off mobile anymore.
This comment edited in protest of Reddit's July 1st 2023 API policy changes implemented to greedily destroy the 3rd party Reddit App ecosystem. As an avid RIF user, goodbye Reddit.
Gross. How are y'all convincing your DMs to turn it off lmao, high key jealous.
Holy fuck this place sounds like a dream. I cannot STAND when people get in the drive through and order at the window instead of using the app. Like you're just wasting everyone's time at that point. 

It's 2021 not 2009 you can order online and have it ready for you. I would literally pay 50% more for a place like this so I don't have to wait in the morning.

(Customer PoV here I don't work here.)
We don't turn ours off.   But I think the SM can do it.
This comment edited in protest of Reddit's July 1st 2023 API policy changes implemented to greedily destroy the 3rd party Reddit App ecosystem. As an avid RIF user, goodbye Reddit.
From the bottom of my heart, fuck you. I’ve been trying to get my hands on these stupid Halloween cups because I’m a huge sucker for Halloween and it’s my favorite holiday. I didn’t even know that Starbucks makes Halloween cups until this year because Karen wipes out all of the merchandise every launch so I never get to see the collections at any of the stores. I’m from the Bay Area and every store here is wiped out and has been for the past week. Every single one. I found one for a decent price online (a couple of dollars above the normal retail price in store) and made the person an offer. A couple minutes later they reject my offer and double the price! Like wtf! I asked her why and she said that she had the wrong price listed. It’s impossible to get any cups for these launches unless you pay 2-4x the price. 

Anyway that’s my rant. Just salty asf that I’ll never get a cup :/

Update: LOL apparently an [article](https://www.mashed.com/623685/the-problem-some-fans-are-having-with-starbucks-halloween-cups/) was written about this post. I hope it brings awareness and something is finally done about this.
I work at a college, and our campus Starbucks always has stock of new cups for several weeks—the students just don’t seem to buy them. Could be worth a shot if you are really determined.
It’s so odd that Starbucks wouldn’t just make more for the obvious demand :(
Yup! I save my stars for cups as I have a hard time justifying paying full price but I LOVE my cup collection and want the glow in the dark spiderweb one sooo much! I was told by a barista he hasn’t even seen them as they get snatched up right away.
Try the licensed stores, I always see our special cups for sale in the grocery store kiosks.
>I’m from the Bay Area

Me too. Didn't know the cups existed.
i have plenty where i’m at in charlotte. not sure if you’d be interested but i can always be a “personal shopper” and get you one for you just to cover the cup and shipping
As an employee, I’ll tell you that we get very little of the more popular cups. That’s why they are popular. And oftentimes, a lot of them are gone within a few minutes of being out on the shelf (and they are usually bought by the employees.) I remember I bought one of the summer launch blue studded cups and there were only 6 (i was in my store with my bf when the RP order was unpacked). I bought one, my bf bought one, a coworker bought one, and a few minutes later a customer came in and bought two, so within 5 mins there was only 1/6 left.
Starbucks will typically replenish the supply to some stores, but stores won’t know what their getting. Typically the larger stores with more merchandise will get more. I’d recommend making friends with the staff. Ask if they could call or email you when the items are back in stock. Also, start asking ahead of time about the next holiday launch so you can show up on the first day. Or just plan to go to Starbucks daily in the morning (buy something or not) to see if there’s anything new.
[deleted]
Dude I hate all resellers. Can’t even fucking go to the dollar store anymore to get storage bins. Shit can’t been go to target to get home goods bc they all end up on eBay!
Scalpers are wild.  I am amazed Starbucks in WA and OR do not keep basic inventory of the YOU ARE HERE city and state mugs.  A lot of Starbucks Stores were sold out.
The safeway in downtown San Leandro had a few last I checked I got the glow n the dark cup
Wait, they make Halloween cups??
Halloween cups are the hardest. I don’t even understand why people waste the time scalping them. There’s not much in profit after eBay takes their margin from the sale. It’s completely ridiculous. 

eBay fees are composed of the total amount of the sale including the item price, any handling charges, the shipping service the buyer selects, sales tax, and any other applicable fees.

One recent eBay sale showed the glow in the dark Halloween cat selling for 33.99 plus 4.99 for shipping. 

EBAY FEE: $5.52
Fee percentage: 12.55% + $0.30

SALES TAX: $2.62
Charged to buyer only

TOTAL PROFIT: $8.97
Profit margin: 23.01% of sold price

$8.97 and that’s IF they calculated the shipping correctly which could cost them another $5 and that’s also IF they didn’t accept a best offer. 

As for the ones priced for more, they’re not guaranteed to get their asking price. They could list them for $100 but that won’t matter. The only thing that can determine your asking price is the price history, the current lowest price and the amount out there. No one is going to buy your $100 cup if there 40 out there for $24.99

Like I said, the profit is abysmal and no real flipper  wastes their time on such a little profit. Think about it, you gotta camp out, you gotta take photos, you have to list it, then pack it and that’s with your own supplies which cost money. Then it’s off to the post office where you gotta wait in line unless you know what you’re doing and can print your own label at home. Judging by the lines at the post office, it doesn’t seem like most people know what their doing, bye bye half hour!

Then you gotta hope you charged the right amount and that your cup doesn’t get damaged in transit because you didn’t charge the right amount so you want to jam it in the smallest box possible. If your cup does get damaged, guess what? Now you’re stuck with refunding the buyer and their goes ALL your effort.

Waste. Of. Time.
at this point, as far as im concerned they dont exist therefore i cannot buy something that doesnt exist. i treat bath and body works holiday candle holders and new consoles the same way. either manufacture enough to meet demand or fuck off, i wont play the 'short supply' game with scalpers when it comes to mass market retail goods.
check the target starbucks!!! they always seem to have cups!
Please don’t give up hope! I managed to snag a green studded cup at a rest stop station that had a starbucks. If those are near you check those as well. Most people are just stopping for a quick refuel not merch

My store never even got them :(
