My almost daily Venti Ice coffee (with half/half and sugar) now costs over $5..... yeah fuckin right.

Its quite literally an ice coffee with cream and sugar - and this corporation has the balls to believe that their basic ass coffee is worth that much.

These prices were obviously ridiculous, but this last increase really made me see how much I waste on Starbucks.

See ya
It's crazy bc the iced coffee is pre-ground and pre-measured to brew. It's the most low effort beverage we make 🤣
a customer told me yesterday that we weren’t busy because of all our price increases, and i was like yeah i hope that corporate sees that and lowers the prices. bro just goes “they won’t” pays and drives off 😭😭 i was like ok 😭😭😭
I have tried to reach out to “corporate” and their resolution system is the WORST!  They misled me on one of their star challenges and then their prices went up?  I’m done with Starbucks.  I’m cashing in my stocks and deleting their app (after I redeem my stars and use all my money I’ve put on the app-since they make you jump through hoops to send it back to your bank account).  SUPER disappointed in SBX.
You tell them! (I doubt they care fr) get a nespresso 😩✋🏾 saved my wallet
Send. It. To. Corporate.
I get price increases but my fave drink went up 17%. That’s not an increase, that’s gouging. Hey Dutch Bros: here I come!
Ty please start talking with your wallets 🙏
someone asked me the other day if our wages were increased since prices keep going up. i told him no and he said youll be seeing less of me then. my hero🥲
My favorite drink, the espresso frappe, is so darn expensive now that I only get it when they have the BOGO or 50% off offers. Used to be nearly daily drink and now it’s more like a once in a while treat. Now that I think about it, it’s really majority ice……….
Why not make it at home?  I could see if it was something fancy.
I started working at starbucks in 2019. Each year I would think "okay, the prices have increased and quality is worse, surely now people will stop paying for this" but nope. I was still serving up $10 sugary drinks to people. 

I have no clue what people's limits are, when they will finally say "ok this is too expensive, I'm going elsewhere"
YEP. They’re charging the same as non-chain coffee shops (who usually have better drinks/food).  The only thing they have left for them is convenience, but competition is stiff there too these days. Have been going to local shops instead unless I’ve been given a gift card for Starbucks.
corporate doesn’t believe their coffee is worth that much… they KNOW that customers don’t usually care enough because the customers will complain but yet still show up. so corporate KNOWS that to customers, at least, it IS worth that much.
The bubble will burst soon. And it’s gonna be a mess when it does. The menu is too big, the prices are stupid, the food is mediocre, the partners are burned out, the good customers are leaving and the bad ones are getting worse, and I bet Laxman is sitting in his ivory tower office googling new seat covers for his catamaran.
Honestly this is so real. If I didn’t work for starbucks I would NEVER be getting coffee there, let alone daily. The only reason I get these unreasonably priced drinks is because I can get them for FREE. I don’t really come to get drinks on my days off either. I know it’s going to be faster and cheaper for me to make my own coffee or tea at home. The orders I typically get for myself now usually cost $7+ because I’m lactose intolerant so I get them substituted with a nondairy. and it kind of pisses me off that the employee discounted price is now the same same as the REGULAR price of a drink was like 4-5 years ago.
A manager once told me they could re-make a drink 10 times over and still make a profit. Its crazy.
👀 *Me watching people throw their karma away to judge other's  coffee preferences*
Business hasn't decreased for us so starbucks will not learn
Hey, iced coffee and cold brew drinkers…. 

If you order the old-fashioned way, in the cafe, you can get a free (or $0.50 if you don’t have the app) refill. 

So order your iced coffee. Sit for a second, check email. Get up, order your free refill. 

Leave with 2 for the price of 1. 

Bring your own cup to save $0.10 and get 25 bonus stars. Every 4 days you’ve earned a free iced coffee.
I really hope the federal government doesn't bail out Starbucks.
When did the price increases take place? I don’t know how much I was paying before but it definitely wasn’t 8$ for a crafted beverage without subs
Download the McDonald's app. They have $1 iced coffee any size.
I also love their regular iced coffee! I want to figure out how to make a strong tasting one at home. I’ve tried brewing double strength hot coffee and then pouring it over ice, but it just doesn’t taste right.
It’s even sadder when we throw almost half of the iced coffee down the drain.
My venti chai tea latte (7pumpsnof chai, nonfat & no water) is now $6.16. Heaven forbid I decided on a breakfast sandwich or egg bites I’m over $11. 

I cut back at the beginning of lent and now stop in once a week at best. I used to be every day some times 2-3 times a day.
I said goodbye too… I was a daily customer NOT anymore 😤
I used to get daily iced venti almond milk lattes with 4 shots, no syrup. With $1 tip, I spent about $140/month a few years ago. I didn’t mind the expense. It was convenient and cold caffeine has some pain relieving effects that help my chronic pain a tiny bit. Then I got a nice espresso machine and nugget ice maker. I generally only stop at Starbucks now if I’m traveling or somebody gives me gift cards (I’ve been using those on beans more often lately). I calculated the other day that it would now cost me almost $300 for the same drinks, so espresso machine or not, I’d have had to stop going.
You should have left a long time ago.
I just happened to get a 32 oz McDonald’s iced coffee, extra ice, no liquid sugar, 3 cream this afternoon for $2. And it was delicious!
honestly I'm happy for you. I'm a barista and we are constantly wanting people to stop coming bc we are constantly wayy too busy. with how sbx treats thejr employees, we can't change anything until customers actually complain. most of us are only there for a semi-good paycheck, and either ASU or the health benefits...
edit: I'm ready to see Starbucks go down just like everyone else, I just need to get through ASU first so I can survive paying for life 😎
when i first started at sb in 2016  would crack up up at the idea of drinks being over $5. i have a literal diary entry about this. i have a sticker roll from when we offered buy 10 get one free. 
A 16 oz bag of Starbucks beans will make about 144 ounces of coffee for about $$7-10.
I literally drive right past my old Starbucks and pull into McDonalds and get two large coffees for $3.  No fake exchange of names at 6 am, no ridiculously complex orders ahead of mine, boom boom, in.  Out.
McDonald's / Dunkin / Wendy's / Tim Hortons all have better iced coffee than SB and for a lot less money.

Only diff is now your socials will be less cute without those trendy SB logo selfies.
hope you guys are sellin that stock before it tanks again
I started watching  starbucks barista videos so I can learn how to make it on my own
Matcha are about to be 7 dollars without any customizations
I marked out a partner bev today that was $7.72 or something around that. A tall oatmilk chai frap w/ lavender. +$1 for the lavender powder addition and $0.70 for oatmilk. 😭
Whenever someone says 'oh the prices went up!'

I always respond, 'Yes they did! But our pay didn't!'

Corporate greed at its finest, especially with drinks like iced coffee, cold brew, and hot brewed coffee. 

I can see why something like an iced white mocha w/ alt milk, caramel drizzle, cold foam, etc. would cost $8+, but they simplified the cold brew process by introducing new brewers, iced coffee is pre-ground, and hot coffee takes 2 seconds to grind and brew. There is no reason an iced coffee should cost $5+ when preparing iced coffee and making the drink itself is so simple.
I bought an espresso machine, a nice one, about a year ago. Whole setup was around 1200 dollars. It’s paid itself off already I recently did the math.

Best part is no leaving Starbucks knowing my drinks is wrong but not wanting to bug the busy baristas. It’s right every time! 

Starbucks has lost the plot.
Shh… don’t tell anyone. Go to the gas station fill a cup up with hot coffee cream and lots of sugar then take one of their cold drink cups fill it up with ice then slowly pour the coffee in. It will make it a fountain drink which is cheaper less then 2 dollars at most places. I one star review all Starbucks now they have crappy internet.
I like Starbucks ALOT but the price now, I treat my mother or spouse once in awhile but if its just a treat for me, I've lowered myself to making it out of a carton at home with a can of cold brew foam for $1.20 a 12 oz serving or if I'm out out for a treat, I can live with Dunkin Donuts $3 medium cold brew with cold foam or McDonald's. I don't need all those liquid calories anyways. The price hike makes it easier to pass on it.
I’m always shocked that people still come despite spending $6-12 on a single drink depending on the customizations. Based on the customizations alone, I’m about 70% sure it’s the sugar addiction alone keeping them coming
And it’s only going to get more expensive.
I’m shocked when people don’t use the Starbucks app to earn rewards for their purchases.
I make my coffee at home or go to one independent and locally-owned place when I don't want to make my own. 

The iced latte at the local place is like $7 for what would be maybe a tall size, but the experience is amazing, the guy who owns the place has become a real friend, and I feel awesome about supporting him and his kickass kid, so they thrive and grow. Money stays in my community and lifts a literal family in my community. I love it and feel good about it. And the drink is so good. He makes all his own simple syrups and has some really fun and actually different drinks than all the fast food/ coffe corp places. 

I tried Dutch Bros, disgusting. Same with 7Brews, Dunkin, Starbies, Just Love Coffee, etc. All nasty, redundant, shit service, artificial and ghastly tasting crap drinks. Nope, never again. Not paying for actual garbage. 

I make my own or support local. No other way.
It genuinely doesn’t make sense to me, considering how Starbucks does its labor as well. It’s not like a retail store where we all get 40 hours a week(but it does depend on location). There’s no such thing as “full time” or “part time” here, we’re all just partners and get full benefits as long as we work 20 hours a week and that’s what most of us get is 15-25 hours a week. So they have substantially shorter labor costs than most other businesses and labor is one of the highest costs for a company, and the margin they make per drink is pretty damn high. The more I look into capitalism, the less sense it makes to me. Don’t get me wrong I’m all for making a profit(I have my own video editing business I do full time and Starbucks is my side gig for benefits), but the AMOUNT of profit a company has to make to consider it their “bottom line” is just… stupid.
i did this in the uk with hot, venti, caramel macchiato, extra shot, extra hot, skimmed milk and sugar free syrup about three weeks ago. The prices increases are not matching inflation here and I am as loyal as they come two SB, like I will travel to another store if I miss my regular stores closing time and all the bristas know me. I've been daily most of the time since about 2016 / 2017 in some form. I pay monthly on the app on the first of the month and I've seen the price go up and up from roughly 3.50 GBP / 4.36 USD to over 5 GBP / 6.23 USD  now. I just couldn't do it anymore and switched to a Pret a Manger subscription. For £30 a month, I can get up to 5 coffees a day, 30 minutes apart, at any of their store
My breaking point was a SHORT Mocha w/ vanilla syrup costing $6.14. Completely ridiculous. I'm down to the cold store-bought mocha drink, with an in-store order only on special days like Triple Stars or a BOGO.
Starbucks is just not cool. There's so many awesome independent coffee shops that care about people and their workers genuinely. And. The coffee is better. Also, Starbucks just leaves a bad taste in my mouth when I think about their complicity in what is happening in Gaza
I figured out how to make pumpkin chai at home and never looked back. I can make it in large batches so I have more than enough to suffice for the week. Now I don’t have to wait for it to come back in season. As an added note, it also doesn’t help that the last time I got chai at starbucks, they forgot to add chai concentrate so it was just straight up milk…
Lol! There's some noob incoming that will take your place and gladly pay that much.

Come join us on the other side. After a few months of making your own brew to the way you enjoy it, you will have a system down where there's minimal effort to achieving greatness.

One downside - after perfecting your brew, going out for coffee could be a gamble. I've gone from instantly spitting out my coffee to being in flavor heaven.
I have a hard time finding right combination to make my iced coffee taste good to me at home. I’m doing something wrong. I love the brown sugar oatmilk shaken espresso with salted caramel cold foam. Or iced cinnamon dolce latte. I recently got the javy concentrate and it’s a big no I can’t work with it. Any suggestions?
The irony is that I love local coffee shops, but honestly they aren’t any cheaper or with less ice. Only difference is the quality is better and the modifications are limited so it doesn’t jump the price up. (Should note my local shop I frequent has a one size 16oz cold brew thats essentially $6+ dollars if you tip (which I hope everyone does), loaded with ice but tastes amazing).
I actually don’t mind some of our beans, but I prefer to prepare them myself at home (French press). So unless I’m desperate for a pick me up, I don’t make/drink coffee at work lmao.
I usually get a triple iced espresso. I’ve started bringing my own mug to get 25 stars each time, so every 4 drinks I can get a free iced coffee (I don’t know get if I get the 25 stars if I bring a mug for my redemption 100 star drink- if so, you get a free drink every 3 purchased drinks!)
I know, if you’re a regular we will miss you. I love my iced coffee regulars. but I totally get it
You really can’t expect things to change if you don’t directly complain to corporate.
Yah sadly I say I only go weekly for a treat not no more basic ass coffees
It’s at the point where as an employee it’s embarrassing to tell customers their total at the register now.  Hate it. And prices will probably go up *again* with our next launch in May.
Yeah I been making my cold brew at home and taste just as good if not better since I make it just how I want and I save so much more money, best investment ever in a cold brew pitcher!!!
I just got hired. I hope its busy cause i want the tip money lol
My other half started going to another coffee shop for his cold brew cause it stayed$3.95 forever and recently they upped it to 5.95.  So he’s back to getting his cold brew at Starbucks cause I get chai from Starbucks and it makes no sense since the price raise to go separate places
And the coffee is low tier as well. Hell the best specialty coffee place near me (Rising Star) has amazing quality coffee AND it's cheaper lol.
I won’t lie the Starbucks bottles at the grocery store of iced coffee is pretty nice.
Starbucks can suck eggs....they make mediocre coffee (but I do like their esprsso) and sugary confections, at a stupid price
One thing not so expensive at Starbucks is the stock SBUX.  The dividend growth rate for the last 3 years is about 9% and the stock price has recently dipped from 114 to 84.  Putting 5$ per day into that instead of coffee will probably pay off in the long run.  It's one of the few ways to legally invest in an addictive product.
Love it when someone complains about a basic drink

Bro make it yourself then
I wouldn’t mind going some where else but where can you turn? Dunkin coffee is awful between the quality and how little effort most of their locations put into making a good coffee. I get making your own at home, but if you’re out, where are you turning to?
My  almost daily pink drink with vsccf is now 8$ Sadge
Starbucks app - uninstalled
This reads like those fuckboi memes from 2016. 

If Starbucks iced coffee is so basic and gross, why would you ever be paying for it? Just brew coffee at home and refrigerate it.
Yeah if the union busting wasn’t enough to drive people away at least the overcharging will.
Just make your own at the fraction of the price
I mean Stanley cups are fucking stupid and people still pay for those 🤷
Got me a superautomatic espresso machine. Never went back.
Not to mention the quality of the coffee is ass. All I taste in the iced coffee is processed, mass produced, fast food coffee with no personality. Coming from a Starbucks barista as well 😂 you're better off going to a local coffee shop
They will keep charging more until people stop buying them
My boss gave me a $25 gift card this week and I got my first iced coffee in a long time (probably several years). I was stunned the price was 5.25.  It seems like it was in the 3.50 to 3.75 range before and I thought even that was way overpriced for something so basic. I also noticed how many fewer people were in line so they seem to be losing a lot of business
It really sucks, it’s something I’ve noticed a lot within the past few weeks. There’s a pretty decent coffee culture in my city and one of the driving factors for picking starbs over a cafe was the fast-casual branding. It would be slightly cheaper and faster. My usual order costs about the same as the coffees I buy myself from my favorite local coffee shops. If I didn’t work here, I’d likely pick those shops over starbs because at least I’m getting a coffee I like more for the same price.
Yeah, it is too much. It costs them like two cents, they are going to lose business in this economy. I'm glad McD still has their 99 cent coffee, I actually love their coffee.
I said goodbye to Starbucks a long time ago when my regular drip coffee went to $3. Nah, I’m good. And I only went once a week
I paid $8 for a flat white 3 weeks ago and never went back
McDonald’s app, you can get a large iced coffee for 99 cents once a day.
Do ou think they will ever go down?
I paid $3.85 for a black venti. I go home and make my coffee up.
I have a Keurig and use Starbucks k cups so I’m good. 👍
Get a Mr. Coffee iced coffee maker. I use that with the Starbucks creamers, it's good!! It's quick, too.
I only go on rare occasion or treat yourself for iced honey flat white. Otherwise, it’s Kirkland cold brew cans, homemade cold brew, and other coffee I get.
6.25 is what I paid for venti Strawberry açaí lemonade. 

I’m not doing it anymore. It’s too expensive now.
Ditto, won't be buying Starbucks anymore.  Their loss, my gain.
I stopped going now.  All the introductions and fake politeness has only resulted in more expensive coffees.
As a barista I wonder every day where all the smart, competent customers went. Glad I have my answer. Unfortunately, they will never lower prices or stop charging for basically every line item, but you’re right- it will probably be the death of them eventually. Down with corporations I guess 🤣
This thread makes me not feel bad about ordering $14 points drinks.
I seen Kerig now has a ice coffee maker
Remember we used to be able to pour our own half n half for free?
Yup. You're not alone. it was one thing when a cup of coffee cost $1.70 or so; but now we're talking $3.25 - for just coffee.
I used to be daily venti americano guy, but the price in the last 5 years has gone from $2.90 to almost $5.00 now, so I am just a weekend warrior these days.
Just brew coffee at home, Folgers baby!
A grilled cheese is 7.49$ an egg & cheese box is 7.25$ where I’m at… officially am done with Starbucks outrageous.
“And this corporation has the balls to belly that their basic ass coffee is with that much” bruh you’re the one buying it.
Was getting up this morning and running late thinking I’ll just grab an americano at Starbucks, no big deal. $5.16. Noped right out of the phone. Literally water and few grams of beans. HOW?
I’m also breaking up with Starbucks. I just can’t justify paying so much when the coffee is mid and the food is terrible.
You’re paying for a cream and sugar..deadly combo four health.
[deleted]
Not an airport, you dont gotta announce your departure.
You might as well get the venti shaken espresso then! I think that’s just over $5. Still crappy but better than just iced coffee.
bye
First off, who the hell goes to Starbucks to get a plain iced coffee with cream and sugar lol. If you’re getting something you can make at home with what you have already, don’t even bother. 

I go to Starbucks a couple times a week for a oatmilk shaken espresso/Vanilla cappuccino. When I just want a normal coffee, I make it at home. And if I’m running late somewhere, I just stop at Dunkin because they have cheap plain coffee.
9/11
bye! and it's Iced Coffee not ice coffee lol
Just order a pike with ice and a venti cup of ice on the side. 3.51 after tax
Bidenomics can suck it
You aren’t going anywhere 🙄
I completely disagree, ice coffee takes more effort, time, and resources to make.  Ice coffee isn't just old coffee poured into a bucket.  Otherwise it will taste watered down.  It is coffee made more concentrated so when it is poured over ice it doesn't taste watered down.  It has to be made with less water so it takes more grind to make the same amount if no ice was used per cup.  

Then the coffee has to be chilled or I prefer flash iced which tastes better.

So this thread basically shows how uninformed most people are about coffee.
Bye
Mmkayyy bye
Make your own at home?  Buy Dunkin?  Nobody cares.  Why waste your time posting this on-line.  like me wasting my time to tell you how lame this is.  Nobody is forcing you to buy their coffee.
Cry
Buy a grande, ask for it in a venti cup with extra ice. That’s my little hack :)
Exactly all we have to do is throw what’s essentially a bucket with ice in it under the brew, brew it then toss it in the tub lol
Our iced coffee is made with the clover vertica so it comes whole bean at my store!
Does every store get it pre measured? I swear my Starbucks is making is half strength some days because it does not taste like coffee, just the milk.
And like half of it is just straight ice in the cup 😭.
Well, he's right lol. Best we can hope for is changes to how things are charged (same price if you get 1 pump of something versus 10 pumps, milk upcharge is the same regardless of the drink size, there is exactly zero reason to charge of a literal splash of sweet cream or sprinkle of cinnamon powder, etc) or no price increases any time soon. But we all know exactly what is going to happen. Another price increase on 5/7.
He ain't wrong. Once they go up they'll never go down again, and that's with EVERYTHING.
I read a post earlier where someone was talking about how much easier/better/cheaper it was for them to order their latte at a gas station. So the customer wasn't wrong. 🤷🏽‍♀️
The problem is that people pay it anyways. They can bitch and moan all they want, but so long as the money still flows in, nothing will change.
That financebuzz study says inflation has gone up 31% and Starbucks prices have gone up 39%. So Starbucks prices have gone up but it’s not nearly as egregious as I thought it was. 

And that’s not to defend Starbucks but to point out the bleak reality that yeah they’re definitely not going to stop raising prices the way they have been any time soon. 

https://financebuzz.com/fast-food-prices-vs-inflation
That’s the best lol
he paid it so ofc they won’t lmaooo
Yup, I sent an email to "corporate" with detailed reasons as to why I'm dissatisfied with Starbucks right now & they had a "customer service rep" email me back, stating the exact opposite of what I said in my original email, then advising I need to call to get my issue resolved. I was like, are you serious? What is calling going to do when I'm complaining about the app not working correctly & corporate greed driving loyal customers of 10+ years away? Smh.
unrelated but is ur username a mad men reference?!
I get the starbucks nespresso pods and I just know they’re going to raise the price on those soon, too
Right!! What do they think we can do about it on Reddit?
I'm was kinda hoping starbucks got taken down instead of 99 cents stores
oh, you're serious, let me laugh harder
And dutch bros is way more consistent....
Dutch Bros is expensive for me too now. It used to be worth it but considering I don’t like the taste of their coffee or the sugary drinks…not anymore.
actually frappucinos get the same amount of ice as their same sized counterparts! a grande frappucino gets a grande sized scoop if ice, as does a latte, iced tea, iced coffee, refresher, etc!
That’s what I started doing. I got into the habit of drinking Starbucks daily when I worked there and it was hard to break. But when all the stores closed during the pandemic, I bought one of those iced coffee makers and now I only get fancier drinks from Starbucks like once or twice a week. Saving a hell of a lot of money, especially with these price increases.
right, they can just get a bottle of vanilla or simple syrup for cheap, and brew their own iced coffee and store in the fridge i imagine. or even instant iced coffee 🤷🏾‍♀️
I saw a recipe for the sugar cookie syrup and started making and using that as my coffee syrup. I haven't been to Starbucks since November and I don't see myself going back anytime soon. Just too easy to make an iced coffee with oatmilk and syrup at home.
That’s what I started doing. I got everything I needed off of Amazon. Instead of regular syrup, I use sugar free to watch my figure. And I get to make it how I like it. Honestly I’m surprised more ppl aren’t doing this.
People don’t even want to get out of their cars, god forbid make something at home. 

It’s convenience culture, people are willing to pay out the ass for stuff that makes their lives a tiny bit easier. 

Starbucks and particularly Starbucks drive thru is being treated as a right, not a privilege and constant price hiking makes the customers mad at the workers but not quite mad enough to stop getting their daily sugar slop.
I have everything I need to make drinks but still always fuck up the ratio of ingredients
It was always about the convenience for me. Starbucks coffee is only ok, but it’s the convenience of having it made quickly and handed to you. 

We bought ourselves a nice espresso maker during one of the previous price hikes a few years ago, and barely go to Starbucks anymore.
I would assume at 75$ for a tall drip people might actually go hmm.......not worth it.
Charge what people are willing to pay
*Me watching people buy karma for...reasons, I guess*
I’ve always wondered how long I needed to wait before getting a refill (especially tea) without getting the side eye.
they raise them every new launch. roughly will have 2 launches per season. not every item will increase, but they raise different items with each launch by a few cents.
They recently took that offer away 😭 it was the only thing I went there for but I keep hoping they'll bring it back


Not every McDs has a good iced coffee, but if you found a store that made it properly it is gold.
I miss that offer. It kept my spirits up when I was Hella poor, but addicted
Make double strength coffee and then put it in the fridge (freezer if wanting it fast) until its cold. Add it to a cup, add your milks, sugar first and ice at the end. Pouring hot coffee over nice melts the ice way too fast and also makes it extra bitter/taste acidic 😖

I make Iced coffees at home all the time, this is how I do it. Never had any complaints! This also works great as a "shaken esspreso"... So good. 

At my location our ice coffee and coldbrews go in the fridge to cool overnight for 12+hrs before we're allowed to make drinks with it. The key is cooling it before.
I have been making mine in the pour over! I put ice in the base and add about a cup of ground coffee on top. Then slowly pour 1 3/4 cup of boiling water on top, the coffee is super strong but the ice cools and tames it. Then I pour over more ice and add milk. Not acidic, super strong, and only takes about 5 min.
You gotta brew the coffee then cool it(we do it by brewing it over pre measured ice so by the time it’s done brewing it’s already cold). The coffee has to already be cold when you pour it with the ice otherwise the ice melts and waters the coffee down. A dark roast works best if you’re going to brew over ice which is the best way since throwing it in the fridge will alter the taste over time  - idk how Starbucks does it but I assume their iced coffee which comes in a pouch is formulated for its brewing method so brewing over the ice doesn’t water it down to start.
Woah $7-20 apparently. My beans range from $13-20
the value of the points has been decreased too so you earn less points per dollar, and more points get you less valuable menu items. 400 stars used to get you a cup/merch item. they changed that to cap at $20, 400 stars will take up to $20 off any merch item. most merch items are over $20. 

earning rewards via app is not the issue nor is it the solution.
What are you doing here if you hate Starbucks lol
What is your secret on how to make the pumpkin chai please do tell
Cold brew is so easy to make. I just use a giant pitcher and pre-made coffee brew packets from a local coffee shop for it. I make it ridiculously strong and work through over a few days.
Woooooosh
The cold brew tastes so much better idk why people still even get iced coffee
This is reddit where people post what they want. Feel free to not read or comment.
Unclever and cringe omg
$5 for espresso is absolutely insane.
idk why so many downvotes. common sense though. you have a point
THIS. Plus maybe get a Tall instead of Veinte???
Pike isn’t formulated for ice like the iced coffee brew is and pouring it over ice is going to immediately water it down and lose its coffee flavor
Why did you get downvoted to hell 😂
And since ours switch to the Clover vertica it is extremely weak. They're making it to spec. It's just a weaker flavor now. My trenta extra ice no classic iced coffee is now $5.30.  The gas station up the road has installed brew on demand machines. I can get an iced coffee that is near the same flavor profile as previous iced coffee at Starbucks for $1.19. And when you buy six you're seventh is free. It's unfortunate but due to the flavor profile I'm changing and dropping Starbucks. It's no longer a third place anyway. No offense to the partners it's not the partners doing.
It depends when you get it.  They dump ice in the hot coffee, so if you get it right after it's made, before that ice melts, it's stronger.  Then the rest sits and gets diluted with the ice that's meant for the whole batch melting.  It's a highly variable system sadly. 
As a former daily customer who hasn’t been in almost a month because I saw the same thing OP did (I went from getting a cold brew everyday to an iced coffee because I couldn’t justify cold brew anymore) that won’t bring me back either.

Prices. On menu items. Have to come down. That’s it. That’s the only thing that would bring me back. Otherwise, my gold card is expiring this year.

Our local “gas station” in nj has a 32oz cold brew coffee with cold foam for $5.47. That same drink would be close to $8 now at Starbucks. Their 30oz iced coffee is $3.47 with all the milk and flavor creamer you can add yourself. You can’t even do that at Starbucks anymore.

All respect to you guys, but your corporation is toast unless they wise up. They won’t.
I was confused on the mobile app yesterday.  I was trying to decide between a tall or grande flat white.  An extra shot of espresso in the tall was .50 extra.  An extra shot in the grande was 1.25 extra.  I was wtf.  This is the definition of the math not mathing to me!!  So I didn’t get any.
it’s unfortunate but yeah 🥲 that’s the reality of it. i’ve lost some regulars to the price increases.. i wish corporate greed wasn’t so bad
seriously????
Isn't what you're describing already the method to how things are charged?
I feel like Starbucks is constantly testing their customers' brand loyalty because I can think of very few other places where regulars consistently complain about their orders getting more expensive and often not getting made right and yet still continue come back daily.
It is egregious. Inflation is egregious 
I'm sure when there's a recession Starbucks will definitely lower prices to adjust consumer spending habits and needs them right?
🤷‍♀️ just going to stop going. Definitely NO to any food. Unjustifiably expensive
Inflation also includes housing, which is not affecting drink prices
I’m gonna have to google what Mad Men are….so I’m going to say no.  It was something I came up with in HS.
I haven’t gotten those in a min, they range from $11.50-$12.80 where I am. I only get them if I didn’t make a nespresso order but, bianco doppio from nespresso gives blonde espresso roast from starbies to me
[deleted]
Viral social media posts are a catalyst for a lot of corporate change these days. Not saying every post matters but sometimes it does.
I used to work for a social media provider. We had a custom bot that pinged the Reddit team/execs when something gets upvoted past a certain point.
For me, it helps to know I’m not the only customer thinking prices are insane and quitting.
I wish there was a Dutch bros near me. They are legendary.
I was a daily Starbucks Hoe for over 10 years.  I stopped going when I got my Breville Barista Pro and I’m happy :)
[deleted]
Please share the recipe? 🙏🏻
Nah this ain’t happening. I was a daily customer. You’re seeing plenty of people in this thread say the same.

At some point this insanity will cause people to truly stay away. And I was diehard, have a gold card for over 10 years. No more now.

Their profits may go up because they’re raising prices so high in the existing customers choosing to stay. But they’ll only be able to increase them for so long until those existing customers are going to reach a breaking point. And I’ll bet that’s happening now.
Yall really have such a negative attitude towards consumers. 

God forbid after commuting 2+ hours daily and working 40+ hours a week I just want to BUY myself something nice and sleep an extra ten mins in the morning instead of making it myself.

I don’t understand consumers being mad at yall for the prices but I also don’t understand yall being mad consumers even exist.
You can buy karma?
Our county’s health code doesn’t allow us to refill single use cups, so we’ll just ring the refill right after the first one and make it at the same time for people that aren’t planning a long hangout/it’s close to peak business and they can’t wait twice. Other folks stay in cafe for an hour or so prepping for the rest of their and will order it before they leave.
if you drank it then it's refillable.
I’ve rarely had good iced coffee from them. And I worked there for 2, almost 3 years. I’m not even a coffee snob by any means. But they brew up really strong regular coffee when they open, pour it into the metal canister identical to what we use for tea and put like a 4 hour timed sticker on it so we’d know when to empty it. I dunno if that coffee would taste old/stale but I doubt it tastes great
I just get one through my points when I get 3000 of them!
Sorry they took it away. Here in the LA area I can still get it.
You guys cool iced coffees?? They are only good for 12 hrs arent they?
our iced coffee expires after 12 hours so i don’t understand how that’s allowed. you work for starbucks i assume?
I know, but if you're there and spending anyway might as well get some reward points. Same for McDonalds, Dunkin, Target, all the places.
I worked there for over 5 years, and my friends still work there. I hate what the company has done, and I like to remind people how bad they are. 😁
You absolutely have to make the chai from scratch. There’s several youtube videos on how to do it. I watched several in order to get a baseline for what ingredients are commonly used and which aren’t. You can buy pre made chai concentrate, which can be very good, but it’s obscenely costly and you can’t control the flavor. I bought some before trying to figure all this out to get an idea of how the concentrate should taste. Once I had that figured out, the rest was easy. To add pumpkin flavor, I used torani pumpkin pie *sauce*, not the syrup. It’s thicker and imparts a stronger flavor. With practice, you can get it identical to starbucks pumpkin chai for dirt cheap!
[deleted]
Right. I said it was crappy.
Welcome to Reddit, where logical statements aren’t allowed.
why?
Because that’s not a “hack”
People cant handle it i guess
You go get that 711 iced coffee lol no one here is stopping you
Starbucks makes iced coffee in a really dumb way. There are much better preparations: brewing a stronger strength on purpose to account for dilution; cool the coffee down before adding ice; or adding ice straight to hot coffee upon order. The former two are probably better methods, but all of these tend to make better iced coffee than the 'Bucks
Absolutely. At 5 dollars a day for a coffee In a month you can buy the machine and ingredients. By month three you'd have the budget of a year's worth at home. The discrepancy is too large.


Starbucks is only good for a treat with the more complex drinks.
I dont even use my 30% off discount to get drinks from starbucks on my days off. The beans just suck in general. I have a ton of Wawa stores where i live on the east coast and i go there on my days off for my cold brew. A 32 oz cold brew from there with cold foam is i think $5.29. A 32 oz regular cold brew with no cold foam but with syrup flavor and milk is $4.29…..and thats a 32 oz. Wawa is so amazing if yall have wawa stores around
Yea they had a niche for a while but that's gone now that so many other businesses are doing more than generic drip brewed within the last 12 hours. I only really go to coffee shops when I'm craving something I can't easily whip up at home or pick up at any gas station.
* Let's face it: outside those boutique locations the taste of Starbucks' coffee has never been that great. They're quickly losing ground now that you can get a cold brew with cold foam or a copy of their caramel macchiato in a bunch of other places and raising prices is absolutely the wrong move.
I was craving Nitro Cold Brew yesterday. Found out you can buy your own countertop nitrogen tap similar footprint to a Soda Stream. These were very expensive a few years back when nitro cold brew was brand new. Now, these taps are pretty inexpensive. I'll be getting that instead of relying on Starbucks. Starbucks was reliable for nitro because they consistently had it. Some smaller coffee places, while better quality, often don't have nitro. Now, I can buy coffee from my local roaster, prepare cold brew, and add nitro myself.

Espresso machines are even much more affordable than they used to be. You can get a small one for the $300-500 range that function nearly as well as a store machine (or just as well considering you probably won't be making hundreds of drinks a day on your at-home machine). The cheaper $50-70 machines have even gotten improved systems and aren't nearly as finnecky as they used to be.
We left during the pandemic shut down. Bought our own machine. Now we only stop when out of town or not near the house. When we do buy I’m amazed more people haven’t bought their own machine.

Edited to add: we were drinking two a day each. Still do but for $1 per.
Yes that is how it is currently charged. I put that in parentheses to explain what I meant by "the best we can hope for is that they change the way things are charged"
K
Girl I got a vertuo, we good over here
The nespresso pods are metal, though.
Yeah there's a bit of a joke that the only way you can get a company's attention nowadays is @ing them on Twitter. Though it's not as common post-Elon of that platform.
Touché
I have one of these too and use it every day!
i got a frother (hot or iced) for $20 on black friday! I make a coffee with brown sugar foam and cinnamon sprinkled on top every morning and it tastes so similar and is very tasty. I usually make a hot version in the morning and an iced version in the afternoon.
I just found a little silly hack for that drink actually haha. If you order a venti shaken espresso with oat milk, cinnamon powder, and 6 pumps brown sugar, it’s actually 80 cents cheaper than the standar menu item for the exact same drink (this works with all the sizes too). Starbucks pricing scheme is so weird 😭. Anyways, hope this helps u get it a bit cheaper if wanted :)
I found this was the easiest to recreate if you have oatly and an espresso machine
1/2 c sugar

1/2 c brown sugar

1 c water

1.5 tsp cake batter extract

1 tsp butter extract 

.5 tsp almond extract 


In a small sauce pan add sugar, brown sugar, and water. Be sure to actively stir. Let simmer and reduce by half. Then add all extracts and stir together. 


I go heavy on the extracts and then use a vinegar/oil bottle to store it. Makes about 10 oz or so.
I agree, you’ll see many people on this forum say the same thing as OP. 

But in reality things are different. The vast majority of Starbucks customers aren’t on Reddit. 

My store is busier than ever, so much so that they’ve built a new store just one mile down the street. In a city that already had many, many Starbucks and other coffee options. 

My current store has been operational for 6 years and cannot keep up with the demand. Traffic spills out onto the street often during peak or promo days. 

The people of this city are showing that there’s a great demand for Starbucks. Until this subsides in a major way, they’ll keep building more.
Yep me too. Still have my original gold card. I just can’t justify it anymore.
Well that’s the thing. They DO get mad at us about the prices. And I agree the price hikes are borderline absurd for what they’re getting. 

I’ll bend over backwards to give customers a good experience. You’re a regular who has common courtesy and says please and Thankyou? I’ll probably give you some free shit on occasion or go out of my way to recommend drinks etc. 
I’ve accommodated all types of special requests, even during our busiest hours, with a smile on my face. 

If you’re short/rude and wanna bitch about prices after I’ve explained it’s something we have zero control over? I’m not gonna massage your ego so you can feel better about your poor financial choices as you drive away in your financed luxury car.
lmfao look AT YOU
I was gonna say back in my days (of licensed bux but still) we brewed the stuff from the foil packets with half as much water then added ice and put it in the fridge.  It all got tossed at the end of the night
I work at a licensed store in Canada so it could be different?

Our location is open 7am-8pm so the closer makes iced coffee as one of their duties and puts it in the fridge for the next day. It gets dumped every night before the new batch is made so a total of 24hrs after being made. We have it in case someone ever orders it lol... we dump out full pitchers daily, not just Iced coffee, we also throw out full pitchers of the teas and sweet cream. We just got permission from higher ups to make half batches of sweet cream because our shrink is so ghastly.

Our top sellers are caramel macchiatos, chai teas, americanos either hot or Iced, strawberry and dragonfruit refreshers. I make those drinks all day long, I probably go through 6 bags of inclusions a day.
I can assure you the majority of frequent visitors do use it. the prices are getting so insane that even people who have been daily regulars for multiple years have quit visiting entirely. the rewards program doesn't offer anything of value at this point because its worth so little and everything costs so much. its obsolete. everyone knows about the app and nine times out of ten I will scan a rewards app during any transaction I make. you phrased it as if people aren't taking advantage of or are unaware of the app and its "benefits", which is incorrect.
Sorry it’s an extreme pet peeve of mine because my cousin uses it all the time and thinks she’s just the wittiest person ever because of it, so that’s all I can see lmfao
obviously 😅
I had zero expectation anyone would.  But thanks for the empowering and kind permission.  😉😏
This comment is more for Starbucks and not partners.  You have zero control over operational decisions made by Seattle.  I've also worked as a barista and SM for many years at Starbucks and certainly wasn't directing my dissatisfaction to you or any store level barista.  I'm merely making a point about quality and price.  Empathy of Starbucks customers (nice ones... understanding ones...patient ones) will go further than your misguided angst on a Reddit post.  The iced coffee from the Clover Vertica is merely not the same flavor profile as the bagged ground iced coffee blend or the French/House blend we used to grind and measure before Iced Coffee Blend was developed.  

Have you sampled the iced coffee?
The best ice coffees are made by slow drip and flash chilling to keep the flavor and not taste overly dilluted.
And if you’re a cold brew type, you can get one of those $30 jars with the filter plus an air tight container ($20), and a cheap Hamilton beach grinder ($20). 2.5 pounds of Kirkland beans (made by Starbucks iirc) at Costco are $13 and creamer is usually $3-6 depending on your brand preference. I use a cup of concentrate per drink (32oz) and with creamer it’s about 70 cents per drink. 

If you drink coffee M-F, you’ll break even on Tuesday of the fourth week (17 days). Then your monthly cost is literally just $14/mo versus $100 at Starbucks.
Basically I’ll just try a seasonal drink here and there with these prices. Yep I pile it on on my free birthday drink lol
You’re totally right. My husband bought me an espresso maker for Christmas because when SB did that year rewind thing and pointed out we were in the top 2%, we reevaluated how much I spend on coffee. I not make venti-sized Americanos at home just like I would get them at SD, and it costs me about $1.50 per cup. And that’s mostly because we use monkfruit instead of sugar and that’s like $15 per 1.75lb vs $3 for 4lb…
Wawa is exactly who I was referencing as my “local gas station”. 

Quick check is great too.
Wawa’s cold brew comes in a gross sludge that gets mixed with water (at least the last time my gf worked there). Not justifying the obscene prices, but Starbucks cold brew is ground fresh and then steeped over 20 hours. Dunkin also steeps their cold brew and their 32 oz is 4.39 (again this is as far as I remember when I worked there they just started to sell cold brew). I just can’t do wawa for cold brew anymore because it’s just not worth the poor quality.
Where do you see one? I’m interested!
Oh. I get what you're saying now. The interpretation is obvious in hindsight! My bad for being a little confused.
u/control-z I love mine and use it mainly for espresso :)
Ooh how do you make the foam?
What beans do you use?
TY 💖
PPPPPPPERIOD. very well said ❤️
Interesting! Ive only ever been at corporate stores and was told that iced coffees from the foil packets get brewed then add ice and then serve for 12 hrs and then toss. No refrigeration. Wonder if anything changed or ppl are missing that step lol
I was a barista at corporate years ago, this is how we made the iced coffee and teas back then. Half water for brewing/steeping and then fill with ice and stick it in the fridge. If it wasn't full enough after the ice melted we topped it off with cold water so we had the right amount. We made the this way all 4yrs I worked there.
Well you commented to my comment so I figured you were responding to me, not Starbucks. (Because you did) I simply shared a fact about my store, and then supported your decision for your 711 iced coffee.  
You think I'm angsty?*Blushes* geez thanks 🥰 I always just thought it was the tisms
It's funny if I said to most People can I have an hour of your time for $100/month while in the comfort of your own home...most people would say yes. 

But that's all the time sink really is when you consider that going to the Starbucks and waiting in line or drive threw or waiting for the mobile order to be made is almost equal to the time it takes at home to make plain coffee.
Wow thank you for the description! What air tight container do you recommend? Also what is this concentrate you refer to?  I don’t quite understand the concept of cold brew concentrate/ how long it can last in the fridge
Toddy, the company that makes Starbucks (and other coffee shops) cold brew containers has cheaper at-home versions of their brewers. But, these aren't required. You can use a french press. Grind your beans to coarse ground, put in the french press, pour cold water, and then put that in the fridge for about 20 hours and then plunge the next day. You have great cold brew.

The trick about having good cold brew at home is making sure you choose the right roast type and further right blend. Not all roast levels work for cold brew. Dark roasts, or medium-dark tend to work better. But, even then, sometimes the blend or origin of the beans won't have a great flavor when brewed cold brew. But, going through this process just connects you with your coffee more which I always reccomend people do anyways.
Oh shit haha i kinda was like hmm that sounds very similar to wawa and so thats why it made me think of it and i mentioned it 😆

Do u mean quik trip? I think i heard someone saying they have decent coffee there too but there are none around me
I’ve been turned off of Starbucks cold brew because of the number of posts with ill cleaned brewers and mold.
Ohh hmm ive never heard of that. But i mean, it tastes fine to me. Even their iced coffee tastes way better than starbucks in my opinion and from my experiences. I just love wawa for having a ton of cool drinks. They have rechargers which have caffeine in it and all really good flavors and it actually comes layered looking everytime I’ve bought one. They also have refreshers (which i havent had). And they have a ton of espresso based drinks which i have only had some of. But i like the rewards app. Its awesome. I do go to dunkin once in a while but im just so used to wawa since me and boyfriend get whatever we need from there all at once like food/water/snacks/sodas/caffeine source lol
There are a few. You can google "nitro cold brew tap" and you will get some at-home options. Royal Nitro Cold Brew, Zulay Kitchen, Vinci, Keg Smiths, and GrowlerWerks. There are many other options though.

KegSmiths is well known for their at-home kegs though. They aren't just used for nitro cold brew and is actually more well known for making affordable keg systems for homebrewers (home beer brewers, that is). Check them out, they were the first I heard about being used for coffee. They have many options and seem to be the most affordable. Just, make sure you look into the nitrogen-compatible systems. They also have various sizes, some up to 128oz which means you could make some larger batches of cold brew if you'd like.

These are all in the $100-250 range though. So, more addordable may be relative depending on your budget.
I use whole milk with vanilla and brown sugar usually!
Blonde espresso from starbucks
They’re 12 hours ambient. 24 if refrigerated.
I use an 2.2lb capacity Airscape ($41 on Amazon) because it has a valve system that takes the air out and is completely dark so it keeps the beans fresh longer. 

Concentrate is the slightly diluted base product that you further dilute with water and/or other things to make cold brew. For example my filter-jar is 2 quarts and can fit up to 2 cups of grounds, when factoring for the space the grounds occupy (leaves ~6 cups), this makes a concentrate that is a 2:6 -> 1:3 ratio. That’s ridiculously strong and caffeinated so in a 32oz cup I dilute it further with 1 cup of concentrate and 3 cups of water/creamer/ice to make cold brew. 

As for freshness, it will be best within the first 2-3 days but it can last usually 1-2 weeks.
Oh no I fully agree. I love Wawa. Their ice coffee is so good so I usually get that instead of cold brew when I’m there. Also the cream smoothies are so good.
Good to know!!
Ahhhh u kno what i miss? I think it was last year but they had these mango flavored boba popping pearls and u could order it in some of their drinks. I haaaate that they got rid of it
Edit- thank you to everyone saying it’s not a weird request. Not to toot my own horn, but I go out of my way to be nice to my baristas and be a good customer. I call Starbucks customer service to pass along compliments on great service 🤣. As a mom of littles- baristas are some of my favorite people in the world because they hand me a fancy coffee that I didn’t have to make and I don’t have to clean up after. You guys are typically a bright spot when I’m having a rough day! I’ve also worked several customer facing jobs, both retail and food service, so I give a lot of grace if a barista seems in a less than great mood because I get it. Ultimately- if I’m complaining about an experience it’s because it really crossed a line 😂. 

Context- I’m a mom of two. I barely slept last night. First thing this morning I had to do a grocery pickup and took my one year old son with me. Since I’m tired- Starbucks.

The line was super long, WHICH WAS FINE lol. I didn’t mind just sitting for a few. But my son finished his sippy cup of milk and was throwing an unholy tantrum in the backseat 😅. So when it was my turn I ordered my coffee then said I knew it would seem weird but could I get a cup of milk, and is it possible to warm it just a tiny bit so it’s not ice cold? 

There was a long pause before the barista replied “so you want room temperature… milk?”. I said yes and briefly explained it’s for my one year old who’s throwing a fit. “So you want to pay Starbucks prices for milk for a baby?”. At this point I’m irritated and said obviously I didn’t love it but I wanted to make my kid happy. “Well why didn’t you bring milk for him?”

WTF is with this third degree??? I might be tired but I was nice, I acknowledged it was a weird request, and of course I don’t want to pay so much for just a single serving of milk for my son and typically I only let him have one cup in the morning but I’m really tired and want him to stop crying so please for the love of God help em get caffeine in my system and dairy in his 😂😩.

I ended up saying never mind on my entire order and just drove away, and ended up grabbing coffee as part of my Target pickup order. But baristas please- if you want to make fun of me behind my back and come somewhere like Reddit and laugh about the mom buying her baby milk at Starbucks you go for it. But to my face just take my order, give me what I asked for, and if something isn’t possible (slightly warming the milk) just say “I’m sorry we can’t do that”. I started out by saying it was a weird request, I don’t need you openly judging me 😅
Yikes. That's not even a weird request. How rude!
That's crazy. People ask for the weirdest things in fast food orders. As long as it's something we can do, it doesn't matter the reason. 

If you ordered a latte would she ask if you're sure you want to pay $7 for it instead of just making your own at home for  much cheaper? Lol
That’s annoying. As a barista, a request for a cup of milk is a joy because im like “awesome, something I can’t screw up” lol. I have a regular who comes in 3 times a week for a venti chocolate milk. Who cares
That’s super rude on the barista’s part. It’s none of our business why you’re getting a certain drink. Our job is to take the order, and ask for clarification if needed. Asking the last two questions were out of line.
That is so incredibly rude. Steamed milk is a menu item so it's not a weird request at all. I'm so sorry you had such a terrible experience ☹️ Honestly I would call the store and explain what happened to a manager because that is unacceptable and awful to do to a person.
Wow, this isn't even a weird request at all. Sorry for the bad experience you had there.
Yikes 😬

Cold/steamed milk isn't even that weird of a request, they're literally menu items. Honestly, that's something I'd call a manager about. That's just not cool. It's none of their business what you spend your money on.
Holy shit, that’s not ok. That’s by far one of the LEAST weird requests I’ve ever heard and I think most baristas would do it happily for you. Jesus.
This pisses me off.  As a mom to a preschooler myself, I REALLY empathize with parents of littles and do everything I can to help when I can see that a fellow parent is struggling in my store.  You need a cup of milk pronto?  Here you go girl.  Will a balloon help?  A cake pop?  A cup of whipped cream?  Say less sis, I got you.  I can't even begin to wrap my head around why that barista felt the need to make your already stressful morning even more of a headache.  Please, at the very least, talk to the manager of that store because that is so unacceptable.  Even better, ask for the DM's business card and call or email him/her about it.  Nobody deserves to be harassed just for trying to order an item that is literally \*on the menu\*.  

I'm so sorry you had such a crappy experience and I hope your morning with your little guy got better.  I wish the world were a smaller place and you could come to my store.  Almost all of my management team are moms or aunties and we take our role as part of the "village" seriously.  ❤️
what the fuck??? I made blended almond milk for my coworkers ones (almond milk creme frappuccin) and that shit was gas. milk is delicious, and it's something you can buy from starbucks for a reason. I buy it on my days off, on vacation, whatever the reason may be. I have no earthly idea why that barista was being stupid, but call corporate. better yet find their DM cos they need retraining LMAO

the ONLY time I've talked someone out of a purchase was when someone was gonna buy an ethos water. gave them two trenta cups of our filtered water, and they thanked me for saving them money. 

tbh on a slow day, I've given cake pops away to fussy kids (with parents' permission, of course) just to give a slight reprieve to parents who just want a coffee.
I have a feeling that barista won’t last very long at Starbucks. If this is *weird* they haven’t seen nothing yet lol
You just got a dud lol 

As a fellow mom and barista, I would've said "I got you girl"
Starbucks ENTIRE business thrives on...guess what!? PEOPLE PAYING STARBUCKS PRICES FOR SOMETHING WE CAN HAVE AT/FROM HOME! 
I'm NEVER for giving anyone 💩 in a service position, but, got damn!
Maybe its because I'm a dad, but whenever I see parents with little ones in tow, at least one of the things they're getting for the kid is a right now recovery. 


Being a parent is hard and we charge too damn much! Enjoy your warm milk, you little gremlin. Now let your mom have some peace and quiet. 


I'm sorry you had a bad experience with that barista. Mornings are rough on all of us and I hope for better Starbucks runs in your future
Go to that store and ask for a business card with the DM’s number. Let them know what happened. I’m sorry this happened to you. I sometimes also ask for a cup of room temp milk. It’s not a request that’s unheard of.
Hi Mama. I see you and I hear you. I have a 14 month old who can flip on a dime. And some days, I just forget to think of every bizarre situation that could happen and don't pack my whole house up for a quick trip out. And every time I pack lighter, oh that's the day I regret it. It's not an odd request at all.and how you spend your money is not their business...I would pay anything to stop backseat crying.
How bizarre. Never in my 5 years as a barista at multiple cafes have I ever met a barista that gave enough of a fuck abt customers personal lives to ask that many questions 🤣 “slightly warmed milk” probably would’ve thrown me off at first but i sincerely do not give a f u c k what you need it for lmao
I may have been a little caught off guard by the request, but as soon as you said "for a baby" I'd 100% understand that it's probably an urgent matter, and that you're not going out of your way to pay "Starbucks prices for milk for a baby," but rather you're in a position to pay ANY price for that milk right now.
this is just rude on the baristas end. i honestly don’t understand lmfao. even on an awful day there’s really no excuse to be arguing over an extremely easy drink with a customer who is not even being rude.
Since having kids I’ve run into this problem too! It’s not just Starbucks like random coffee shops too.. I think it’s because they don’t have kids and don’t get it and to be fair I didn’t get it either before having kids. But it’s weird.. so weird like yes just milk thank you.
It’s not a weird request, we make baby drinks (milk of varying temperatures) all the time. I dunno why that barista was being so difficult, but I would have talked to them about it if I were their SSV. Don’t feel bad about it, just order what you want/need! If you aren’t a giant prick about the wait times, you are more than welcome to make any requests you’d like.
just so you know, every barista and supervisor on the floor heard that partner speaking disrespectfully towards you through their headsets, and hopefully it was addressed soon after you drove away.  They probably wont last long, or at least their behavior should change soon.
Steamed milk is an item on the menu, though 😭
that’s not even weird!!! i’m so sorry they were a jerk! if it ever happens again (which i hope it doesn’t), you can always asked for a steamed milk at warm temperature. it’s literally a menu offering. there’s no reason they couldn’t have done that for you.
That sure is something 🥲 I'm UK based, but here, warm milk for children is free? On our till its just "Kids Foam" so its normally our go to for babyccunios? (I cant spell) You might have to pay like 5p for the cup but that's about it. I'm surprised it's not the same in the US tbh
You know that's super interesting because I used to get a ton of people being sheepish about their custom orders-especially moms ordering milk for their kids funnily enough.  To the point that if anyone ordered a milk, I would ask them if they wanted ice or not.  I thought nothing of it, until I went to a walk through of a house that we were really interested in buying(and a little out of our price range), and it was us and another couple who made offers-both apparently under asking.  Our realtor said that the lady who owned the house remembered me.  She said "I was really nice, and asked if they wanted ice in their milk, when most baristas don't."  ...We got the house.  Not sure if it's related or not, but be nice to your customers.  You never know who will remember what seemingly insignificant impact you will have on them.  

Also, let us all remember. No one orders crazier drinks than baristas on shift.
That’s so rude. Ordering a cup of milk isn’t even an odd order…
Grocery store baristas can be awful, like yes there is a cheaper gallon of milk in aisle 3 but is it fucking steamed? For once in my life as a barista who has worked corporate, licensed, and "we proudly serve" I will say JUST DO YOUR JOB
I’m a starbs barista and I had a customer ask for a cup of hot water to heat a baby bottle. That’s far from actually werid requests I’ve had and witnessed 😭I’m so sorry
That’s not even a weird request, if anything that’s like the best request a barista can get because it’s so easy to make lol
Yo wtf? I am so sorry you were treated like that. Nah, that kind of attitude has no place in our stores. That was very unnecessary of the barista to do. It's not our place to judge what you order or how much you want to spend. That's your order, that's your business. But to question your choices and almost belittle you for it. That's a crossed line. I don't care if I am just a barista... If that person served me like that, I would 100% give a mouthful complaint to their manager. Very unprofessional. But chances are if the baristas here like myself feel that way towards this person, their management must be too, and if you ever cross paths with this person, definitely ask for the manager. God, that's terrible.
I thought we did do steamed milk, we even have a function to steam it at a lower temp for kids.
Holy crap! What a jerk! That doesn’t seem weird at all, actually quite the opposite. One of the simplest things. I’m sorry they were a butthole to you. Hope your day gets better.
that's not weird at all and i would've just given you the "side of milk" we give customers when they order a coffee at that point!!  sucky attitude of their end, i don't ask questions when a drink has 100 customs can't imagine being weirded out by milk for a BABY
This is like when cashiers make comments on things you're buying at the supermarket. They need to mind their business
OP, I am a barista and the mom of a rather wily two year old. This is not a weird request AT ALL. 

I have paid those prices for a cup of whole milk that I warmed to like, 75° because my husband was in the car with our screaming child, because it was the only thing my husband didn’t have… and I’d do it again if I needed to! 

We have a customer who comes through and pays for a tall cup of milk with a pump or two of mocha for her child to have « chocolate milk ». 

How rude of that barista. I’m so sorry.
I used to order milk and drink it as my drink while I was on the clock
Honey, that barista was a bitch. I've been managing coffeeshops for ten years and I would have just given it to you and felt sympathetic. That's somebody who's never had to think very hard in their lives. Get some sleep. <3
that’s insane. i made cups of milk for littles all the time. what was her problem???
That barista just was snippy for no reason, I'm sorry they acted like that. As long as it's not breaking policy or impossible to make, I don't really care what people choose to spend their money on. 

I do a thing with customers where I match their energy. If they're cool, even if they're confused, tired, or have a strange drink, I'm gonna be cool back. The minute they get rude, that's when I get rude back, but not a second before that, even if I don't "get" or like what they're ordering.
Why in the world would they care how you spend your money? And where do they get off grilling you on why your child didn’t currently have milk? That’s what you were there for! To get him more milk! That barista was ridiculously rude and condescending for no reason. Maybe they were having a bad day or something because I sure do hope they aren’t normally like that.

I’m really sorry you were treated that way. You didn’t deserve that at all.
wow!! I'm sorry you dealt dealt this. when my 2 were tiny  and I got a frapp, a braista handed me sample cups with teeny straws and said it was for the babies. I told them they didn't have to do that, they told me there's always a tiny bit of extra frapp at the bottom when they make them and if I ask for a sample cup with the excess from the blender for the toddlers that they'll almost always be more than happy to give me it. I was never told no when I would ask and the baristas always loved giving them their own little baby frapps. I can't believe they'd give you attitude over a literal menu item??? as my kids got older and started drinking hot chocolate a barista also taught me if I said kid size or for a kid they don't make the hot chocolate as hot either. really, baristas saved me a million times and helped so much with my kids getting their own little touches when we would go
I pay for a kids temp steamed milk way more often than I'd care to admit. Usually with cinnamon. It's not weird at all.

When my son was younger they had the mini Frappuccinos but when they stopped selling them, I'd order him a tall and ask them to only fill it halfway. I knew I was paying for the whole Frappuccino, but he absolutely did not need a whole one.
The third question was out of bounds, for sure. but some partners are on the younger side, and it might be a first job, so as new adults, they're still figuring out what's socially appropriate amongst adults and not their peers of knuckleheads.

I might have confirmed the order to avoid you a potential sticker shock (even by starbucks standards), but that's it.
A cup of milk is one of the easiest things to make, that barista was just being a douche. I'm sorry that happened to you! That is not a weird request at all, and although I can't speak for all baristas, most of us wouldn't care at all if you ordered that.
barista was so judgemental and disrespectful, i’m sorry you went through this. you can joke about a weird order, but you should never be made to feel bad about yourself because of an order that isn’t even WEIRD?
That is so weird and asking for milk is probably the least weird thing I’ve done when my trio were little. Mine would sleep in the car and I’d take the long way home and order at drive through all of the time. I’d wait in long lines at fast food and get a water because I was thirsty and never had a comment. Of course they are 18 now so this was quite a while ago but I don’t see how this has changed.
I could only imagine what the customer connection score is for this cafe
Person was rude. Don’t worry mama!
Now. I won't lie I constantly wonder why people will pay so much for certain items from us BUT to actually ask is insane 😭 I'm sorry that happened
i don’t know why the barista had to be so rude about it.. like yeah i feel bad when people pay our ridiculous prices for milk (especially if ik it’s for a kid) but i’m not gonna berate someone for it? we’re all struggling here and sometimes getting milk at starbies is the only thing you can do to calm your kid down. it’s not that serious to be rude to the customer 😭😭 jeez
Yeah this is a normal request. I just got the same one a couple days ago. I’ve ordered just milk before for both my kids. It’s cheaper than the cartons and you can get different milks which is nice. My kids never minded having it cold though, but it’s not weird to get it slightly steamed
As a partner this makes me so mad. Like bruh just make the damn milk, it takes no effort. These people must really dislike their jobs i guess. Oh well🤷🏼‍♂️
Acting like this, with the amount of eggnog steamers that come through during holiday season--and the vanilla oatmilk steamer i heard someone order a few months back--was totally unnecessary on the baristas part. Theres a kids temp setting for a reason, this situation being one of them lmao.
Thats just straight away rude, the question where they say you should have brought the milk from home for him or do u want to play starbucks prices for a warmed up milk ? Its just insane bad costumer service 🥲, at our store we would really welcome such costumers and make sure they are satisfied when they leave.
Yeah no that's awful.  Even if some of us might find it to be a weird request (it's not), there's never any point in arguing with the customer.  They were rude, and did what we should NEVER do as baristas.  I'm sorry you had to deal with that ☹️
Would have happily taken and made that request for you (or anyone else), no problem! My sincerest apologies that they were so rude.
Wtf that’s crazy. Many times people would order just a steamed milk for their toddler but need it to be cooler than kids temp which is 130. If it’s for a little one I would just stop steaming once it says 80 or so. You’re only steaming it for a few seconds and pour it in the cup. Easiest drink ever. That barista has a bad attitude and I can be pretty sassy so that’s saying something lol.
What the hell?
Wow that was incredibly rude of that barista. If it were me I would have just given you the milk and not charged you  - as a mom I totally get that feeling of having a screaming child in the backseat. Hopefully that person could be spoken to by management because it was not okay for them to ask you questions like that.
If I was the shift there I would’ve gotten on that baristas ass, I’m a mom of 2 pregnant with my 3rd and that is unacceptable and uncalled for. GET THE MILK FOR HER BABY AND SHUT UP. Honestly I take the children’s drinks more seriously because of the temperature and how full they are and if there’s extra whip or no ice or allergies. I’m so sorry this happened this is absolutely not okay and would not be tolerated at my store.
As a former barista, I can understand how crazy some of the requests from customers can be and typically ere on the side of the barista…. But I think this barista needs to get the boot. This is inappropriate. If you hate your job, nothing is stopping you from hitting the door. There’s no excuse to be an absolute miserable asshole. It’s no one else’s fault that you hate your job and won’t do something to change your situation.
I’m sorry that barista did that it’s not a weird request as there is a button for it. That barista was out of line for the way she spoke to you she should be reported for that I’m all for giving ppl a second chance but it’s our job to sell you as a customer are helping us have a job. You want steamed milk kids temp you got it we can even fill the sippy cup 10 cents off and 25 extra points for your Starbucks app
Dude if I was working that drive thru I'd have rung that order up for free and asked what the ideal temperature should be. And I hate kids! That's just rude
As a mom of one and a barista, I have definitely bought him a steamed milk before because I’m out and it’s convenient and nobody else’s fucking business what I’m spending my money on. I would’ve been more concerned if the milk was too hot
Rude afffff. Wow. Should’ve said something to the store about that.
geez, i’m usually a passive aggressive and confrontational barista but wtf… not only is the plain rude but it’s also stupid, that barista is trying to embarrass you to have a laugh with their coworkers but if any of them have been trained properly the only one embarrassed should be them… because it’s completely normal to order a cup of milk and it’s completely normal to order a steamed milk as it’s also one of our menu items… you should’ve taken their name down and told the district manager, not even the store manager because they maybe wouldn’t have cared because they way they replied was not okay at all. i would’ve also called corporate, ONLY to get something like a gift card out of it because they could care less about the actual employee.
That’s not even a weird request! On the next morning after a wild night at Grammy’s house (my house lol) I would go get Starbucks: am iced latte for me and a tall iced milk with a pump of vanilla and some cinnamon dolce topping for my granddaughter who of course needed “coffee” just like Grammy lol
This barista was oddly mean. I would've just rang up a short steamed milk with the "warm" modification.  The warm modification on the sticker means that we steam the milk to about 140 as opposed to a standard 160 and it's usually for hot chocolates made for children.
Ew. Like I can admit I'm a little snarky sometimes but at least I say it in a professional way. I'm not gonna say it like that. If anything "okay, I will let you know it'll be around five dollars, is that okay with you?" If they say yes, that's not my problem. The way they handled that was completely uncalled for. I read this title and was ready for some ridiculous request but that's such a normal thing to ask for.
As a partner I literally would not have been able to stop myself from pressing the button on the headset that speaks to the outside, quickly apologizing for whatever the fuck that barista just said, and promising to promptly take care of that milk request. What the fuck is wrong with people😂😭
Yeaa this isn’t even a strange request..I’ve heard worse. Our whole thing is “mAke the mOment right” so once it was understood what you wanted, there should have been no more questions. Sorry this was your morning ….L barista
oh hell naw, we make the weirdest and nastiest drinks and this barista judged you cause of a cup of milk? Maybe their SSV had them in the same position for the past 4 hrs lmao but jeez, the fact no one interjected is wild.
WTF?? I used to make cups of regular & chocolate milk for kids all the time.
i don’t work here anymore but i would’ve just charged you a dairy add-on while nobody was looking so that you didn’t have to pay “starbucks prices” for a cup of milk. it’s rough out there.
that barista was being weird for no reason, and if it happens again call them out on it
That’s not weird at all and that barista was rude af. Obvs you don’t wanna pay that price but your kid is upset in the car and you’re at the Starbucks so it’s the easiest option.
Had a lady at Wendy's that would come though and order plain jr hamburgers. Turns out they were for her dog. I let her know she could just order the patties, but she said the dog eats the bun too. I could've told her "wow that's unhealthy for your dog" but like, that's not my business?!
I can understand the first part. I sometimes have to process what I heard in order to properly put it in the system and in doing so I sound kind of condescending. But the rest? We all know you're paying starbucks prices for milk. You wouldn't be asking if you had an issue with it. But it's also not anyone's business what you do with your money
Whatever u order and how u order shouldn’t be anyone’s business. The barista was being stupid and overly involved for no reason. Next time u should say I didn’t ask for ur opinion.
  I feel like the baristas reaction was unnecessary.
it’s not even a weird order, & even if it was there’s no reason to make you feel bad for it. you’re a good mama for taking care of your baby’s wants too, she’s in your business for no reason
You should have said something to them. Idc if they’re a partner, if someone is talking to you so disrespectfully you should address it. That’s also not a weird request that barista is just an asshat.
Steamers/milk is a common request for little ones, sorry you had to deal with someone like that.
That’s not even a weird request but even if someone orders somthing odd I never respond to them like that
Yeah, that’s weird energy. I might ask you about the temperature if I could see that it was for a kid just for the sake of not burning their mouth, but that’s really it. I wouldn’t have any need to give you degree about your choices. You’re the one paying for it.
Ugh I don’t understand how some baristas act this way. I wouldn’t have even batted an eye. Not weird at all.
Damn I can only imagine how this barista would act had they been the one making my sister's boyfriend's order the one time I decided to order the caramel apple juice thing out of curiosity. Like damn.
that barista was honestly such an asshole?? 😭😭 any time there's a mother or parent with kids and having a bit of a rough day, I always check w/ my shift lead to see if I can give them a little smth special whether it be a free drink or food item. being a mother can be hard enough and a kid throwing a temper tantrum is no joke, it can be so stressful. I am so sorry you had to deal with that 😭 I really hope someone said something to that barista because I would've gotten soooo mad. I hope you're doing well now and that if you go back to that Starbucks you have a significantly better experience
Jesus, that barista was way out of line. This would be an easy yep, no problem I’ll get you one steamed milk and we’ll try to stop it around 80-100°, whichever is your preference. Not that strange at all we literally have a button for it. I’d also as a curtesy put no foam since I would assume you wouldn’t want textured/foamed milk for your kiddo.
as a barista, i am so sorry anyone ever treated you like this. just know, i would’ve warmed some milk for you. gotta take care of moms, not make their lives harder 🫶🏼
You just had a sucky barista. It happens. This is definitely not the majority. I’m sorry it happened to you, but I wouldn’t have let it get to me, I def would have not left, and I probably would’ve called her out a little bit. Customers have weird tastes just like baristas, if it isn’t over the top to make, I could care less what the order is I’m happy to make.
Honestly wtf...I mean yeah it can be annoying when kids are screaming during ordering but it happens...sorry you had such a jerk barista! 
Not at Starbucks, but when I was working for a mom + pop cafe we used to have this regular who would come through the drive wanting 3 16oz cups of cold oatmilk for her kids- I’m pretty sure she was vegan so the kids kinda were too. Didn’t bother me any lol if you can afford it and you’re nice to me, say no more! I’ll gladly make my easiest drink all day and move on lol.
People ask me for kid steamed milks all the time, there’s literally a button for it, it’s a thing, also if you ever feel like treating your kiddos to “kid coffee” is what my regulars call it 😂 you can get any syrup added, my favorite is brown sugar! Your request was not weird and that barista was out of line! 💕
Why the need for the 500 million questions. Especially the last one!!! I am just like you, I will make sure that someone in customer service who helped me and gave me fantastic service gets the recognition they deserve. But I also am a FIRM believer that it goes both ways. You wanna act like a trick? Fine by me, homie. Cause by the time im done, even your momma will get a call from me. My anger issues could never just drive away. You are so sweet and kind and I am so sorry this happened to you. I saw someone say they wish they could start a “mean friend” service where we go around and stick up for the nice ones. I gladly volunteer myself for you and that sweet baby that just wanted milk!
I'm sorry, Mama, this should NEVER have happened!!

I totally agree that sometimes baristas come off as condescending, and it's sad!! Starbucks is supposed to be all about the customers!! I've never minded the  questions. I've never minded educating others on drinks, differences in roasts, or the #1  confusion on "Tall, Grande, Venti or Trenta" instead of small, med, etc, etc. 
I miss seeing cust. come in and be able to sit on the overstuffed sofas with a coffee and just CHILL. I've seen customers sit and shed a few tears. you know that they just needed a break from life, and Starbucks came thru for them.❤️
I would have asked if they questioned every customers monetary decisions made on menu items they request.
Definitely on the barista for being rude real baristas never judge to your face 😊
i’m so sorry this happened! next time ask for a Kids steamed milk, 💕
Oh that’s not weird but I live to look at the drink weird if Ik the customer is look if it’s an actual weird drink like people will customize their drink in the app and just press every. Single. Button. That’s the kind of drinks that I love making a face or something like that. Ik we are not supposed to but come on people you don’t need 20 pumps of syrup in your drink something is wrong with your taste buds.
i’m so sorry that happened! and that’s literally not a weird request at all? i get people in my store asking for that all the time!
You're paying for the convenience of having to not pack milk (not that it's ANY of their business). My baristas are usually extra sweet to my kiddos. I'm sorry you got a dud.
nooo thats super rude, i would even call the store to let them know. thats super not okay. i get weird requests all the time. lemonade drinks with vanilla sweet cream cold foam, i have to actually stop
myself from gagging at the speaker.. but i would never judge them to their face. let people do what they want with their money
It’s literally the easiest thing you can make…. Is it that you’re jealous they can afford to do that for their niece or nephew or child? Get a life
thats so rude im sorry
That’s so rude I’m sorry. I used to give parents a tall cup of milk for free. It’s not fair the barista took their bad day out on you
You asked for a babychinno and got the worst attitude, this isn’t even hard to do and this person needs an attitude adjustment 

You were not wrong and thank you for how kind you are to us, it really does make a difference and if you regularly visit a single store I’m sure you’re gonna be one of the regulars we love to see ❤️❤️❤️
Sorry. Your request is not weird. Barista who is a mother. Been there during melt downs. The last statement by the barista was uncalled for! Last Thanksgiving and we were close to closing, a mother drove thru with kids and ordered dinner. One child was in a melt down and the mother was getting food for them before passing them off to dad ( getting off his shift) as the mother was going to be starting hers. Been there- we used to pass off kids in a parking lot between the two cars and shifts.
Quite honestly if I had been on DTO I would have just given you the lightly warmed milk for free. We give away so much excess creamer for Karen’s who throw a fit, a tired mom with a cranky baby can have some damn milk. I’m sorry you were spoken to like that, that’s ridiculous.
That barista was the weird one. Not a bad request at all. I would have understood and been happy to oblige. Sheesh. Sorry that happened.
i saw the title pop up and i was like “yeah sometimes baristas are snippy out of nowhere, i hate that we collectively forget that customers haven’t spent as much (if any) time behind a coffee bar and don’t understand quite like we do” and then i read the entire thing. that’s awful, and WAY beyond condescending at that point—that’s so unprofessional and rude, don’t apologize for something like that. you have every right to complain, even as a partner we shouldn’t be letting our fellow partners treat people this way ever.
This is an incredibly normal and common request. I want to try to have grace and think maybe the barista was confused by the request or was making sure it wasn’t water you wanted for formula or something. They also may have been tripped up by you wanting it warm. Even me as a 15 year barista reading this i know I’d need to ask more questions to make sure we were on the same page about what temp you wanted. They may have been concerned about a hot beverage for a baby. Still, your perception is all that matters and I’m sorry this happened to you. Definitely rest assured that for 99.9% of baristas it’s not a problem and it’s not even weird.
Sometimes you get an employee who freezes up when they're confronted with any request outside of the regular menu. I've had this happen at various restaurants over the years. Usually someone young who hasn't been trained on this or hasn't had the life experience yet to know how to be flexible. They don't know what to do and then fumble their way through the interaction.
It wasn't weird people ask for stuff like this all the time and it's easy so why would they mind it?! It's not an excuse, but some customers make the baristas rotten. Sorry, you had to deal with a rotten one.
That's a pretty normal request first of all. Secondly, WHO is out here questioning customers about why they want the milk? Ring it up, take the money, give the lady what she asked for. Who th am I to judge?
Weird. We sell kids warm milk. Don’t know why the barista acted like that. Sorry you experienced that
I've asked for warm milk for my daughters bottle before and didn't get harassed about it. That's weird and unnecessary. We don't *want* to pay Sbux prices for milk, but when you have a little one, sometimes its convenience is appreciated.
I just wish I knew this 4 years ago when my kiddo was that age. There are sooo many times that I needed slightly warm oat milk while out and about and this could’ve helped tremendously. I was the mom who overpacked and thought I planned for everything. That’s the thing though. No matter how much you try as a parent there’s always that one thing that’ll kick you in the ass and turn that sweet baby into a demon child 🤣 I’m so sorry that happened and I completely empathize with you. Hugs!
ayo??? Had my manager heard one of his baristas talking to a customer like that he’d have been pissed. To be honest, if my coworker was talking to a customer like that i’d also probably step in. Wtf?? I have no problem with people ordering some milk, it’s a super easy drink to make. I take that over all the damn unholy modifications people get
It wouldn't even occur to me to question this. People ask for hot water all the time but shit like this makes mom's feel like they need to explain that they need to warm a bottle. Why should a cup of milk be any different? Why is it any of our business? You shouldn't have to explain or even elaborate. They should have just needed your request for a slightly warmed cup of milk and left it alone.
That’s not really a weird request unless you got upset about the price then it’s like bro come on but if you were willing to pay that I wouldn’t have said anything f
I'm soo sorry someone gave you a hard time about your request. I've been doing this job for almost 20 years and trust me this doesn't even come close to being weird. I hope you were able to salvage your day and that you can write this incident off as a one off.
Wow.
I can’t believe they were rude to you for buying milk for your child. We had someone ask a couple of days ago for the exact same thing and although it took us a second to understand, because it’s not regularly ordered at our location, we didn’t think it was weird at all. I’m so sorry you had that experience, you did nothing wrong!
i know everyone else has already said it but jesus thats so rude, sounds like they need some *serious* re-training bc who gets mad at a woman buying something for her kid??? i have regulars that will literally get pup cups with spoons for their kids bc they wanna get them a treat without paying for a pastry and no one at my store has ever thought twice about it.
Ew no that was 100% uncalled for from that barista. I'm sorry they made you feel so unwelcomed, especially first thing in the morning
As a previous slave to the siren, we used to get just milk orders all the time. It's not weird at all, and moms would bring their Littles in constantly and if we weren't slammed I'd make sure they got their milks immediately. Fussy babies aren't fun for anyone and moms were always grateful. That barista shouldn't have asked and just punched in the order.
This barista sounds like a nightmare. I’m sorry mama! ❤️
That’s so rude. If this barista is having a bad day, I understand that. But she’s older than a one-year old, I believe she could control her emotions and finish her job first. It’s not like you’re taking advantage of Starbucks, you've already decided to pay for this cup of milk. There's no reason to criticize a customer like that.
Im a barista, and I've literally ordered trenta glasses of just whole milk when i don't feel like going to the store. Is it the same price as buying 4L at the store? Yes, but somedays I'm lazy, so a $4 32oz cup of milk will do 🙃
Wow, sounds like she was having a bad day. Your request was not weird at all. It’s not like you asked for free milk.
This happened to me in Paris recently and I was so confused. In the UK you can just ask for a babyccino no problem.
It's not weird and when I was a barista if a mom asked for room temp milk if offer our horizons we hadn't put in the fridge yet


Silly to add on but I keep double looking at the "I go out of my way to be nice to baristas"....what does that mean exactly? Is it hard to just be nice to a human being in the daily , genuine curious lol
I've steamed milk, poured milk, provided milk for sippy cups all the damn time. There wouldn't be an option for steamed/iced milk on the POS if they didn't want to offer it.
That's just rude and none of the barista's business. I would just give the customer whatever they want within reason, and this was definitely within reason. The only kind of time I would say no is like if I was a bartender and they were asking for more alcohol when they were already clearly fall down drunk and about to drive home.
Quick question: does your son always throw a tantrum after finishing his milk?

I ask because someone I know had a son who did and it was a reaction he was having. They ended up putting tubes in his ears and doing all types of medical things to him. In the end it was a milk allergy. They just needed to take him off milk and the medical and behavioral problems stopped.
this is a SUPER super normal order, it's quite literally on the menu!! there is no excuse for a barista to talk to you that way. i've done the exact same thing for both of my kids, you gotta do what you gotta do!
There’s literally a button for just milk so idk why she was confused somebody would order it lmao? And it’s mostly used for kiddos? She might’ve been having a bad day :(
As a fellow barista (in shift lead training), I'm appalled at some of the people I have both worked with and had experience with when visiting other stores. If I had been the one to take in your request, I would have gladly! Depending on the age of your baby, I might have asked if you wanted to add a pump of sugar free vanilla (My youngest niece goes crazy for warm vanilla milk).

So no, your request is not weird, and as a common babysitter of three nieces and a nephew, I encourage little victories when the kids are calm and quiet!
this seems like such a normal request too?? we literally have it on the menu along with “steamers” which is just flavored milk
[deleted]
I used to be guilty of this and I’m sorry on behalf of the condescending baristas I’ve changed though swear
Baristas aren’t all like that. Sounds like you just encountered a rude person who happened to work at Starbucks. You don’t need to make a PSA about it.
😂
Weird is that she drove away and is still ranting.

Barista was actually caring for her but she didnt understand and was focusing on being hurt instead

Also she thinks for some crazy reason that getting milk is impossible

I just cant even

This post is so messy
[deleted]
Sorry I can’t help how my face looks when somebody ask for sugar-free nondairy, but extra whip cream and extra extra dark caramel make it make sense that’s just like a fat person ask for a number 10 or number two and number three with a Diet Coke bitch that’s not half ass it go all the way
Oi, since everyone commenting seems against this barista, imma play devil’s advocate. While I agree, if the barista said the last two things it would be put of line, there are several aspects to this situation  I have not seen presented by other comments. Op says “the line was super long”. All baristas should know at this point that the bar must be jumping, especially in a dt. While it is not necessarily a weird or unheard of request to steam milk to “warm” temps, it IS if the milk is for a one year old and the request is to steam it “just a tiny bit”. Think about when someone asks for “just a splash” of breve and then say you put in too much as the color is too milky and you ruined the drink. True, you can make the moment right in some cases, but how are you to know the bar barista knows it’s for a one year old when it is busy and all manner of customizations are poppin on the tickets. This is regardless if you put an ask me or tell the bar directly. It could be 20 tickets away. They could forget. Their eyes might misread the small writing of the non-standard request. Their version of steaming a “tiny bit” might well be too hot and that is where it gets dicey and liability comes in because a non-standard action was taken that could possibly cause injury. Coaching the barista is fine, but unless we hear from that barista, it’s best to not be so against them. It’s funny how it’s said we want to promote a culture of belonging and understanding and togetherness, yet some are getting on this barista’s case. Y’all have never worked with someone who wasn’t doing so well, not sick but perhaps had a migraine or took an early morning shift when they usually work nights. They don’t act quite the same but only for that day or a short time. A good supervisor or manager can also change up the play and put the barista in a different position. It speaks to how “leadership” training is done, and not just in Starbucks. There are other options on the floor. And yes, it could just be as simple as the barista is rude person who always has a bad attitude. 😐🤷🏻‍♂️ One hopes not. Here’s hoping op’s next interaction if they choose to still go to Starbucks is better. I also hope barista’s situation, whatever it may be, gets better and they can come back and make great drinks and have more uplifting interactions. 
Have a great day 🙏🏼🌻
like….its literally a menu item… steamed milk…. just steam it for a couple seconds and let this lady take care of her kids lol
I’ve had formula measured out for my daughter but the thermos with the hot water in my diaper bag sucked so it didn’t keep it hot enough to mix and I was grocery shopping. They gave me hot water and some ice cubes so I could mix and cool it down a little if I needed to. I was happy to pay for it but they didn’t even charge me. Idk why this barista was so rude
Low-key chocolate milk sounds good right now.
Hey how does your name says barista and mine doesn’t 😭😭
100% agree
That means a ton to me!!! I’m telling you there is a special kind of energy between moms of babies/toddlers and baristas. Or servers at restaurants on moms’ night out 😅. I think all of us mamas so appreciate you all, even if sometimes we’re too frazzled or overwhelmed to say it 🩷
God bless the barista who told me to stop paying for extra espresso and instead switch to blond shots!!!!
Yeah I had a coworker (he was actually my work nemesis…) eventually get fired for things like this. He once asked a customer very rudely why they didn’t just use the $100 bill in their wallet that he could “clearly see”…. Like man what?? Why you looking all up in his wallet? Anyways we all cheered when he got fired he was jerk to everyone 🤣
agreed, when i was first started working there were questions marks above my head about some of the drinks ordered. but turns out they are menu items. (i didn’t have the best training). but i know how to ask my coworkers if i’m confused about anything, so i wouldn’t  have questioned her.
i think so too, i don’t think it was to be rude. i probably think he was confused lol. but if that was the case someone else should have hopped on and spoke to her.
You made me laugh 😅. I adore my children but they are far from perfect. I’d joke to my mom that my daughter was acting like a “pint sized drama queen”, and my son although adorable is best described as a menace… or a tiny tyrant. Depends on the day 🤣.
I think that’s the part that gets me. I fully believe a barista should be allowed to match the energy of the customer in front of them, and should be able to refuse service to anyone disrespectful.

When I worked at a bank our manager really empowered us that we deserved respect and we had the right to decline to help someone if they mistreated us. We didn’t abuse it and I didn’t take that lightly… but there were a handful of times where I asked a customer to leave and told them I wouldn’t be helping them. *Because* of that I go out of my way to be pleasant to employees at any business.

Plus when I’m exhausted like today I’m a little slap happy so where most tired people might be grumpy I’m more likely to joke and act silly.
I always went above and beyond for moms when I was a barista. I'm the eldest child, my youngest sibling is 10 years apart from me. I know how toddlers are and do my part to help.
I wanted to say this!  I don't think it's the same
in the US because I asked for a babycinno (I can't spell either) there and they looked at me like I had 3 heads!

I'm in the UK and get this constantly for my kids
If I know it's for a kid I offer to top it with whip so it's more fun for them.
Thank you 🩷. Honestly my family has been going through a lot lately so a sleepless night was just the cherry on top. And I don’t blame my kid, I felt bad for him. He’s a year and a half and went from his crib to his car seat first thing in the morning. He’d rather be playing and running around (he has hella energy) and doesn’t have the words yet to vocalize what he wants or be reasoned with. He was communicating his unhappiness in the only way he knows how, and I just wanted to get him something to make the car ride a little less miserable
Babychinno is my new favorite word 🤣
So when I worked food service and at a bank a lot of people seemed to only view me as a means to get the things they came for. They made minimal conversation or did my favorite of “hi how are you do today I need…” so rolling straight from how are you to their request, not actually wanting to hear an answer from me.

So I make a point of actually conversing with my baristas. I try to make a point of complimenting them on something they are wearing (this is easier with baristas who wear jewelry and makeup lol) and thank them by name if I can see their name tag. If it’s early in the day I’ll make a point of saying hopefully their shift isn’t too long or goes by quick, and if it’s later in the day I’ll say I hope it hasn’t been a crazy day or that they get to go home soon. Now tbh the things I mentioned above are things I do for any cashier etc I encounter not just baristas.

But there are a few extra things I like to do for my baristas. In the winter I keep hand warmers and a few pairs of gloves (just from the dollar store) and offer them to the barista working the drive up window (I also try to keep these for any employees bringing a curbside pickup order from the grocery store). On Black Friday I try to do something nice for at least one of the usual locations I visit, like helping them get food. I can’t usually afford to literally buy the whole staff lunch but I’ll gift them a $20-30 gift card to something nearby. I also write Christmas cards and, although it’s silly, last year I made 100 Taylor swift style friendship bracelets with good power words and handed them out to baristas as a Christmas gift. Stuff like that. Or like when I was waiting in line at target Starbucks the other day I just casually straightened up their cup display which had gotten pretty messy. 

When I say I go out of my way to be nice it’s not a “look at me I’m such a good person” thing. It’s more that “hey, I’ve been on the other side of the counter where customers made me feel invisible or just glanced over me. So I want you to be seen as a person”. I have a theory that every day we have a chance that someone will go home and talk about us at the dinner table. They can talk about what a jerk you were and how rude etc, or how you were so nice and made their day a little better. My goal each and every day is to be the person who made your day a little better.
He does sometimes, but based on convos with his pediatrician it’s not a milk allergy… the kid just REALLY likes dairy 😅. We had to cut back on his dairy servings per day because he was pretty constipated. If he finishes his milk and I give him a cup of water he throws it and is VERY angry he isn’t getting more milk. 

MOST days I distract him and to get him to “accept” water I throw in a splash of juice (like one part apple juice to three parts water). But today I am SO tired and desperate that this is a day we will probably movie marathon Toy Story, have an extra cup of milk and if my oldest wants to eat popsicles and popcorn for lunch I’ll probably let her 🤣. Every so often we have a day where (within reason) I say yes to anything as long as it won’t hurt them because mama needs an easy day 😅.
Good ol CMPA ruining things for everyone everywhere.
There is no excuse to treat someone this way. Whatever happened before her or however their day went is not on her. You can steam the milk kids temp or a little less. It’s not about taking it personal or not, it’s that at the end of the day this is a customer service job and she didn’t deserve to be treated this way or interrogated over what she’s getting for her kid.
Reddit is a place where people share experiences and vent 🤷🏼‍♀️. Most baristas I’ve encountered have been great, and I talk about those too.
This doesn't even track, though. If the barista assumed the mom was going to be a Karen, the last thing they would probably do is antagonize her. And keep in mind, these questions/comments were after the customer had already began the engagement and was being really civil about it all.
I was going to say this!! My friend would get this all the time and add vanilla to it
The barista was concerned of her paying so much for steamed milk. Like it wasn’t his business lol
 But they better not have charged for water anyway 🤷🏼‍♀️
If you get one at Starbucks, get half the mocha, & half white mocha. The mocha is kind of bitter & the white mocha will sweeten it some & cut down that bitterness, so it will taste more like a good quality choccy milk.
On the main page of the subreddit, there should be an options tab near the top. You’ll select “change user flair”
Wait….why??? Inquiring minds here!
This comment deserves an award.  I’m cheering  with you haha
I frequently call my son the tiny terrorist 😂
Thank you!!
Worst part is I always thought babyccinos originated from the US 🥲 guess I learnt something new today 😂
I'm not a mother myself but one of my coworkers is and she's one of my dearest friends. I read her the post and she said she gets it. Her son just turned two and he's always energetic but when he was that age, he was a bit of a crybaby and had struggled with car rides too. we're a café chain, steaming some milk isn't weird at all. I truly hope things get better for you and your family 🩷 if you ever came to our store, I'd be sure to give you that treat for free.
Glad you checked that out! I had “bottle teeth” from too much juice so it’s really hard to find the right solution for kids sometimes!
Girl, "yes" days are a very necessary survival strategy for moms everywhere on occasion.  I'm glad I'm not the only one.  😂
What I mean is, you can totally vent about it, but why do you have to make it like “baristas… please stop being like this.” We aren’t. Just that one person was.
Vanilla steamer :)
Like, yes, I may silently judged for paying that much. But at the end of the day if that's what you order, that's what you order.
Honestly,  I would have given it to her for free. Starbucks gives dogs a free puppiccino,  why can't a baby get a small cup of warmed milk for free.  
I used to be in customer service, this is really a no brainer.
Oh no... Who'll think of the children?? 

The mother. Literally, the mother. 😂
I'm so glad to know there are others who order fancy chocolate milk from Starbucks. I usually order lattes, but sometimes it really is a chocolate milk kind of day. 

I like mine with vanilla as well.
Hot chocolate used to be made with vanilla once upon a time. I’d usually make choccy milk with vanilla but I’ll try your white mocha method when I go in today!
Thank u ao muchhh
blonde is a lighter roast but it has more caffeine! i'm assuming that's why the barista recommended the switch to OP, so they get the amount of caffeine they need without a higher price.
Blonde shots have a higher caffeine content than regular espresso, but there’s no up charge to switch from regular to blonde. There IS an up charge to add an extra shot of espresso though.
Haha thank you!
Yes I worry about that, it’s why I water it down so much! When my sister was a baby she refused milk and they didn’t have alternatives like they do today, so she ended up drinking vitamin d fortified orange juice… but then my mom had to brush her teeth 3-4 times a day to make sure she didn’t get cavities 😅
I see baristas also address customers collectively. I think it’s easy enough to say “oh, I don’t do that therefore this doesn’t apply to me”. That’s what I do when I see a barista say “customers, please stop (insert annoying thing here)” and it’s something I don’t do. Or maybe it’s something I have done and I go “oh wow I had no idea they hated when I asked for water at the drink pickup, better stop doing that”.

So since you are not condescending to customers, this doesn’t apply to you.
Yup, she would sometimes add other syrups to it though
Sometimes when I needed a little bit of comfort after a hard day, a vanilla steamer with oat milk really hits the spot
I mean I judge too, like u, quietly. But he straight up made it his business like it’s coming out of his pocket
Paid for it , what does it matter to anyone else? Why are so many so critical? The only reason I can imagine is because you don’t understand what it’s like to juggle it all. Do you take care of a child? Helping a sibling or a niece- nephew out… hell a
Grandchild? If you don’t know or understand keep it to yourself. It’s petty
Oh I know, haha. I'm a barista too (I just don't have the flair on here), I just personally like white mocha in it better than the vanilla.
More caffeine? I had no idea!  THANK YOU!
Should try a blonde flat white ma'am! You might love it
I’m so happy to have this info :)
add cinnamon to this and mmm
We get soooo many people that order milk. We have a regular that door dashes a venti about once a week as well, like they're spending THE MOST on milk, but go off.
Ahhh I see!! Sorry about that <3 I’m going in to work in about half an hour. I’m lactose intolerant (the white mocha is fine in small amounts), which milk would you recommend I use?
Use vanilla bean powder instead of syrup...yummy
Use vanilla bean powder instead of syrup...yummy
I would say probably oat. Our almond milk, imo, is too watery (some almond milks I've tried before have been way better), & I'm not personally a fan of soy or coconut tbh haha. But if you like those milks, out of all the options, I would think that the soy probably pairs fairly well also.
I would usually say oat but I’ve found that recently it tastes wayyyy too much like a bowl of cheerios 💀 so I’ve been doing soy!
That sounds glorious
I tried oat, it’s really good!
I didn’t see this in time so I made it with oat but soy is on my list next shift
how was it? i’m thinking of trying this for my next starbies drink bc i love chocolate milk😭
$6.45 for a grande oat milk iced shaken espresso 😮‍💨 (and they didn’t even shake it 😅). Almost 7 dollars for espresso shots, mostly ice, some syrup and a milk upgrade. 
My go to used to be the standard grande iced shaken espresso for $3.45 which made sense for a couple shots with a splash of milk. 
Then oatmilk came around and sure, paying a little extra for it was reasonable. But now it’s almost twice the price of my original order 
✌️ Starbucks

I got myself a cheapo espresso machine and shake my shots w ice, half and half and whatever syrup sounds good. A bit more work but so worth it after these price hikes 
Putting it in the recycled glass Starbucks cup and pretending it’s Starbucks 
Yeah I’m done too. Iced chai latte was almost $7 this week. I have a bit of gift cash to use up then I’m done. I get the chai concentrate and mix my own now. For a quick fix, I’m a Dutch Bros girl now!
I feel this. I used to get a venti vanilla sweet cream cold brew every day. it was 4.71. now a grande is 5.60 where I live. im done :)
Not only is it cheaper to make your own espresso, but depending on the particulars of your setup, it will probably also produce a higher quality beverage.  I got an espresso machine, and it turned me into a coffee snob real quick lol
Honestly I would never get starbucks if I didn't work there. 
As a new  barista, today is literally my 60th day🎉, I cringe every time I ring up orders 🥺🥺
yeah prices are insane. my gf bought a cold brew kit from amazon and has been great. these people are out of their minds... $8 for a coffee
My iced chai tea latte is $9.16
I quit from Starbucks I also quit Starbucks🤣
I blew out the remaining balance on my gold card (less then $15 bucks) and all my stars (a little over 1,000). I officially broke up about a week ago. 

Finally just priced me out, I’ve been refocusing and deciding if things are a “want” or “need”. It’s no longer a want and I definitely don’t need it so away it goes.
Increasing prices and decreasing pumps of the syrups that enter the cup lmao 

Starbucks has lost it touch, you’re better off supporting a local coffee shop that actually cares about their employees and craft (many local cafes are like this if you look hard enough)
I go once week as a treat to self , daily I now drink Cafe Du Monde  !
