I originally was going to post this as a comment reply but felt this was much more suited for its own post as I'm sure many of you share similar sentiments.

The more I see from this leadership conference, the more upset I'm getting. I never want to hear the words, "we don't have the budget for that" ever again. I'm happy that SMs are having a good time but this just feels like a giant slap in the face from Starbucks to all of the underpaid hourly workers in the company. 

We don't get paid well enough for the work we do and a lot of other companies are willing to pay more for equivalent positions with similar benefits. Our shift team and a lot of our baristas are fed up with it and half of us, myself included, are looking for other opportunities or have already punched our ticket out.

It's a joke. They raise the price on health coverage, cut our labor, and limit what we can order, while our wages stay the same and our responsibilities grow. If you want us to push your sales goals, keep the DT times at 50 seconds, train your staff, and feel empowered to run your stores while being proud to #beapartner, then pay us what what we are worth. I can't pay my bills on good will and a desire to better the community.

Stop talking and making promises you know you aren't gonna keep and just do it. Show us that you care because right now it's just empty words. Every letter from Kevin or Rossann is just corporate jargon that I can't take seriously because I'm not seeing the results. What I am seeing are shifts and baristas that are regularly being pushed to their absolute breaking points, physically and mentally, while trying to keep up with ludicrous demands and arbitrary limits. When something is said to our DM, we are met with some bs about how we need to have a reason for what we do. How we need to love our job and do it because it's the right thing to do. No. That's not how this works. 

It's a competitive job market in the service industry right now and you are going to lose many hard working hourly employees if you keep this up, Starbucks. I still genuinely love making coffee and love seeing the excitement in a new barista's eyes as they learn about the thing I'm so passionate about myself. But it is so hard to remind myself of that when I much more regularly have to calm people down who are in tears panicking in the back because they are burnt out from everything they are expected to do. 

Fix it.

Sincerely, one fed up supervisor.
It's like I said in a different post in this group. I dont care of they say "it's not in the budget." Like hell it isn't. Starbucks is one of the more well known and successful international companies out there and let's face it. The drinks are kinda expensive.  THEY CAN AFFORD TO PAY THEIR WORKERS AN ACTUAL LIVING WAGE.
U N I O N I Z E
Next week is my last week after 5 years - 3 as a SSV. I literally have no choice but to move because i cannot afford living on the "livable wage" that starbucks gives us. Its a crock of bull and no matter how much i want to work hard at moving up and becoming an SM its literally impossible to live right now.

 Like, i get paid maybe $100 more a month than what the average rent for a 1 bedroom apt is around here. So, i can afford the roof over my head but literally nothing else.
Aaaaaand this is why this week is my final week with Starbucks. I'm a 1.5 partner and 6 month SSV. I've lasted through 2 whole-store turnovers at my current store (sans my awful SM), and I'm making the same as new-hire SSVs who have no experience in the company. 

I'm starting a new job this weekend at a local coffee shop as a supervisor, with nearly the same health coverage benefits, and I'm gonna be paid nearly $3/hr more. I'm sooo ready to be done with this bullshit company that acts like they care so much about their "partners" when they really couldn't give a single fuck about any of us.
Honestly, T H I S.  
A few months ago, I had a long talk with my (then) SM and a few other partners about how we are only numbers/cogs in the machine and we are all replaceable. As angsty as that might sound, it’s all true. 
The minimum wage where I live hasn’t been changed in almost 10 years, and I’ve been with the company for over 4. I’ve gotten a few raises but still struggle to pay my rent, let alone bills. I donate plasma twice a week and it’s still not enough. I work 35-40 hours a week, and my rent is less than the average around me. I’m struggling. 
I love this company at face value but it’s so exhausting to be expected to put up with what I do for what I make/get out of it. Between the expectations of the customers and the company, I’m emotionally spent. I have tried asking for a raise, and I’m met with “why do you deserve it?” And “what can you prove that you’re adding to this store/company that is above what others do?” I work my ass off. I’m always early, I’m nice to customers, I have improved our stores numbers(OTW, CSO), and the team loves me. If my DM responds to my request for a raise with, “well what are the other job opportunities around you going to offer as far as benefits go?” I’m going to tell him to shove it and walk out. 
I can’t pay my bills with discounts or pounds of coffee. My mental and physical health are deteriorating and I’m 23.
At the beginning of the summer, I asked for a raise. They told me they’d promote me by August. It’s September and I’m told maybe after holiday, yet they expect me to do the job without the pay. I’m so fucking tired of this shit. 

<<end rant>>

Customers: if you have the rewards program and you get the experience survey, rate your experience as HIGH as it can go! Anything below a perfect score is a fail and we are judged by these numbers. Also, contact your district manager for your regular store and tell them you think that store is understaffed and overworked.
Partners: hang in there and communicate with PCC if anything seems off. 
Anyone: 
What’s the deal with unions? I know nothing about them. What kind of pros and cons are there for employees and employers? 

ty for reading
I just left Starbuck back in late May after 15 years with the company. I’ve worked there since I was 16, and was the only job I’ve ever had, but then I had to pick up a second job this time last year. And then I finally just left Starbucks and kept the second job as my only job. 

Seeing all of my previous partners Leadership Experience posts on FB gave me a sad, nostalgic feeling for approximately ten seconds, and then it was gone. I worked so hard for that company, and I couldn’t pay my bills. I know so many other people who worked so hard there and couldn’t pay their bills. There was literally no way. When I had to get a second job, I got hired in making more than I was topped out at Starbucks. For. An. Entry. Level. Job. That is truly when shit began to unravel for me. I was doing a physically demanding job, where I had moved up, but decided it wasn’t for me, where I trained new hires for my store, other stores, I trained external hires who were to become store managers or district managers. I planned community events, had story times, had a community art project. You name it, I was there for it. And I did all of it with a truly positive attitude. And I couldn’t fucking afford school supplies for my son. The disconnect with this company is unreal. Truly. 

Thank you for this post. It was cathartic reading it.
WAIT. DT TIMES OF 50?! 

WAIT WAIT WAIT. I know this isn't the point of the comment, but we get chewed out and chastised when they aren't under 40. 

Wtf. I'm a barista and don't start as a ssv for another week or two, but I'm the "go to" person for everyone. Whenever there's an issue, both baristas and ssv come to me for advice. 

I want a salary and a trip to Chicago. If it weren't for us and our camaraderie, the company would have jack shit. Our district would have nothing. 

How do we unionize?!?!?!?!?
Any barista in north orange county, ca looking to move on let me know in DM.  We are opening a specialty coffee shop and would love to have awesome baristas that care about customers and quality products!

Sorry if this post is against subreddit rules, but I feel your pain!
Guys, I left sbux in June. It was hands down one of the best decisions I've ever made. I now no longer go to sbux for any coffee, and it's all because of a single realization.

Starbucks doesn't care about you. They don't. Even the tips aren't for you, they're so you have incentive to treat their customers well. That's why you are underpaid and overworked. If they really cared they'd have raised your pay, not given you Spotify premium. They gave you benefits for school, knowing full well you'd never take them up on it because you're too exhausted from the job. Starbucks does not care about you.

The only way this is going to change is if on a broad scale, baristas go on strike. No executive cares enough to read this, so you're kidding yourself if you think they are.

I worked for sbux for 6 years, and coming to that cold realization made me quit and not look back. Good luck to you guys... But mostly, I hope you guys have the grit to go on strike and unionize... Because if you don't, this won't change.

Edit: a word
I was with the company for 7 1/2 years, shift for 7 years. They kept moving me to fix all the problem stores, with the promise of promotion , while hiring SMs from outside the company. I was making $.20 more an hour than new shifts. I couldn’t afford my bills every month. I loved the company I was hired to, but that company changed. 

I’m now in a new career field, not even out of training and they’re already talking about me promoting within the company. The bux has made me very cynical but I’m hoping for the best, because this actually feels like a company I can grow with. 

I feel for all you partners. And I appreciate what you do day in and day out.
Agreed. My little town elder customers tell me  “ive heard from other ex sbux baristas at the town square coffee shop that you guys don’t get paid that well” 

Im a firm believer that if a company cant pay you a living wage in a capitalist society it doesn’t deserve to exist.
My manager is only scheduling me 15~16 hrs a week when I need 22 just to pay rent and now he’s away at this conference and I’m fucked unless I’m lucky enough to find shifts in the area.  On top of this while I was away studying abroad I was passed over for promotion and I’m fucking sick of it.  Sick of being walked all over.  I’m going to apply to local coffee shops and restaurants starting this weekend (when I’m not already working).
I had a very similar conversation with some friends today. My big three: hourly wage too low, not enough labor, unrealistic expectations given the responsibilities (i.e., complex drinks, "GO" mode, crappy technology, etc.). But hey, they are going to give us more mental health benefits (you can text instead of calling) so there's that... Not to mention that my SM doesn't care about the rah-rah stuff they are spoon feeding the leadership at the conference. He only does anything if the DM forces him and even then it's half-assed so it was a complete waste of money to send him to Chicago. Nothing's going to change. This is why I am also pursuing other opportunities as is half the partners at my store.
"I can't pay my bills on good will and a desire to better the community."
 Thank you for saying it. And I'm just gonna say this:we need to unionize or bring back competitive wages. Starbucks, YOU HAVE NO EXCUSES AND YOU JUST PUBLICLY SHARED THAT YOU DO HAVE THE FUNDS TO DO THIS.
This!  Unless you have a living situation worked out with family or roommates, you are living paycheck to paycheck in most places.  Working for Starbucks for 5 years was the HARDEST and LEAST PAID job I have ever held.  The waking up at 3am, the pressure to hit faster drive times and half hour counts with less and less labor, fucking Karen with her triple tall soy extra hot no foam cappuccino.  

If there’s any silver lining in working for Starbucks it’s that I appreciate my current employer for genuinely appreciating me, providing me with the tools and resources I need to do my job and paying me what I’m worth.
Honestly I feel like if there's any hope for us, we're going to have to unionize. I don't know how we could proceed with getting a majority of Starbucks partners on board with forming a union though, since it's such a large company.
Ugh, this is so me right now. My SM is putting pressure on me to become a shift and I really don’t think I want to do it. Everyone at my store is miserable, SSV’s included, and we are so understaffed it’s crazy. Literally one call out will ruin an entire shift. It’s sad when the state of your store is so terrible you don’t even want to advance with the company...
Honestly I’ve thought about putting in my two weeks for awhile now and this did the trick. I try to ignore the terrible things in this company and just focus on the positives. However the negatives just keep growing stronger and the low pay and stress is very much not work it !
Preach.
I completely agree. I already quit. My store was extremely hostile because our Drive-times were expected to be at 40 seconds or under, because our store manager was obsessed with having the best regional metrics, and took it out on us. They would play head games and basically abuse you into being a machine. I quit after 11 months because I couldn’t take it anymore. They should encourage positivity and teamwork instead of abuse to achieve raw numbers. I live in South Carolina, and everyone treats employees like crap here, but especially Starbucks. They always say “they can fire you for any reason in this state” to try to scare you into being a non-stop slave.  They also were SEVERELY understaffed during closing shift, just one barrista and one shift in a busy drive-through store. 

I have never been literally screamed at and punished at any other job for something as silly as the drive times being at 46 seconds. And they would go insane. And I have done construction work, and had been a cable guy as well for Comcast. Never expected the women at Starbucks to be the most abusive supervisors I ever had, because I had dealt with rough people before, but never anyone so PETTY (not saying all girls are like that, just the few evil minions of the manager who all thought they were the Darth Vader to her Palpatine) 

And yes, they literally scheduled me an average of 19.75 hours a week so I would not get benefits. They always scheduled me 30 hours for two weeks, 12 hours for one week, then 9 hours. But I couldn’t get benefits because it averaged 19.75, and you need 20. How petty is that?? I worked all the annoying times, like filling in for someone for peak only when they took off, sometimes after closing, and we had to be in at 4:20 in the morning. But I normally closed, and by myself, with just one shift who did nothing but “a pull” all night, and counted drawers. I would handle drive, front, brewing, bar, backups, food, and dishes and closing by myself everynight at a store that would pull huge numbers even at night. It was absolutely ridiculous and not worth it AT ALL. I honestly now hate Starbucks, though I think being a barista somewhere else would be decent still. I still liked the stuff I learned about coffee and espresso, but that’s all I took away from that extremely abusive and exploitive “partnership”.
THIS! I was just ranting to my closing crew tonight over this bullshit. They took away out selling incentives and Holidays party's which left us with low morale.
It’s Thursday and my schedule for next week isn’t done. Nor the week after. SM said he would ‘get it done’ while either traveling to or after he got to Chicago. Called our ASM yesterday morning and said ‘sorry bro, I need you to do it’. So I 100% agree with this post. If they can afford the leadership experience, then they have no excuse for anything else.
This hit, HARD. But I agree, every word.
When I delight a customer who's having a bad day with a free drink, I always get a response like "well I hope this doesn't cut into y'all's sales". And I reply with "well they gave every store manager a free Macbook Pro, so I'm sure they can handle the loss :) "
[deleted]
Yes! So well spoken too, Hopefully corporate sees this.
I left my job as a barista about a month ago and I couldn’t have been happier. I was making 9.05 where I worked and between my boyfriend and I was making just enough to pay half of our 800$ rent and maybe buy groceries and that was stretching it at 32 hours a week.

I’ve worked fast food before and in all my days, I’ve never been somewhere that had morale that low. We had a huge turnover while I worked their for 6 months. I left not only because I wasn’t paid enough, but the environment was too much. They pushed a false sexual assault case under the rug, forced a supervisor out and gave the two accusers a shift position and everyone knew they had done it just so they could have those positions. It was messed up and no one was allowed to talk about it.
Worked here for 4 years. Got fed up with how much work I was responsible for with more work constantly being added. Finally said I cant do this anymore and decided to leave and apply at a grocery store. They offered me a way better wage right off the bat! Now I do less work for way more money. Take the plunge my fellow baristas!
Part of what angers me is the fact that drinks are so expensive and the reason why is that they are being hand crafted but yet the hand that’s crafting it is being paid about as much as the drink is worth. Starbucks does have the money to do whatever they want- they just don’t value us as much as they claim.
[deleted]
We need to unionize.
Yo, I’m not saying SB is the reason I got into sex work but.... Starbucks is definitely the reason I got into sex work. 

I worked at Starbucks for 8 fucking years. Got hired in 2011 (first job at 16), transferred stores a couple time, poured my heart and fucking soul into it. It literally stole every last bit of joy I had, the stress and being overworked and underpaid and lack of support from the managers... all of it... turned me into a person I HATED. I stuck it out for so long bc I believed it would get better... never thought about leaving but my soul was literally dying from giving so much; 30+ hours a week, having no other income/financial support and not having the energy to look elsewhere for employment. I was severely depressed and felt stuck. I was so desperate and got to the point where I literally couldn’t force myself to be there any longer than I had to be. In my desperation, I changed my availability, I went out on a limb and started SW and holy shit... I’ll never look back. 

Fuck that place, they don’t give a fuck about anything other than fattening up their own wallets. They don’t give a fuck about the lives of their hardworking employees. For real tho, y’all are troopers for sticking it out. Love you all so much
Rant within a rant:
I seriously feel like my manager used this conference as an escape from the fuck ups he’s left for us to deal with. We have one partner who’s had a new hospital job for about a month or so, and she let him know prior to that she wouldn’t be available, and he STILL scheduled her when he knew she couldn’t work so we’ve scrambled to either cover her shifts or go without a person. He’s admitted he doesn’t even look at it half the time, just copies and pastes. Like dude, EDIT the fucking SCHEDULE. We’ve had one too many times where two people would have been left on floor alone with no shift because he didn’t schedule it right. Our shifts are already working tooth and nail to keep it together and his stupid mistakes do not make it any easier. 
On top of that we have two green beans who were NOT given one trainer but instead we’re all babysitting and I can tell it’s not having a good effect on them at all. My manager promised a $75 bonus to “barista trainers” but we never saw any of that. I put my name up on a list and never heard a peep about it since. Don’t fucking tempt people who are already underpaid like that for nothing, what was even the point in offering? 
I’m with the Bux for insurance (I’m trans and that health coverage is good for me) and to finish school, and once I’m done with that I’m aiming for better things in life, hopefully.
I had to demote myself recently because of the toll it was taking on me mentally as a shift. The things that the job was asking for me to do was not worth losing my mental health for. Now that I'm a barista, it's a lot less stressful, but absolutely agree with you that looking at other options because other companies will pay better for doing much less is probably the way to go.
Starbucks is a really bad job! that is good at making you think otherwise.
Preach- not to mention the off-the-clock work im expected to do. Our mgmt team is in a group chat- which is a whole other barrel of negativity.
For what it's worth, if any of you are looking for different opportunities, I quit Sbucks when I was offered a waitressing job literally across the street from the Sbucks. The GM from the restaurant was a regular, said my personality would fit the atmosphere, said I would make more money, and he was not wrong. I then worked up to bartending, where barista skills and efficiency DEFINITELY came in handy, and eventually switched to a higher-end restaurant, making on average $200 in tips in a single night (9 hrs of work). No HC offered, but the HC market gave me a plan exactly the same as it was at Sbucks, down to the amount paid each month. So the other jobs are out there and your barista/high-stress skills can be utilized elsewher, especially for late-night beverages as opposed to morning/all-day beverages. The asshole customers are few and far between (you're giving them tasty alcohol, they love you at hello) and you still have the camaraderie with the other employees. You'll meet new people and have regulars, actually get to know them in an unforced way, and it's honestly way more relaxed than working at Sbucks, from my experience. Best of luck to you all! You deserve better than this.
While I think the starting out wage is good, I was suprised to know to be a shift it really isn't all that much more. I'm not going to nearly tear my hair out for roughly a dollar more pay. I thought it was  just our district that was trying to come up with with these insane demands but it's nice to know it's all over.

Sbux has a ton of money and they are cutting corners with the employees acting like it won't hurt them in the long run. It's cheaper to have good staff than to hire new people every 6 months...
I was with Starbucks for 9 years an SSV. The first couple years, I loved it. The last store I worked at was a tiny kiosk in a very busy mall. We got treated like shit from customers and I was getting into arguments almost every day. It was ridiculous. We were always understaffed because the pay was $8.50, so no one wanted to work there. There was once a shooting, and we hid in our back room for hours until cops got us and it was enough to have our partners shaken up for a bit. WE WERE EXPECTED TO SHOW UP THE NEXT DAY. At that point I knew this company did not care about us at all. I was already working two jobs, and my other job had me take the entire weekend off because of it. That’s an employer who cares. I eventually quit because I was having anxiety attacks everyday due to my closer always calling out and I would be by myself.
🙌
Yayyy another $600 paycheck, that will pay for 2/3rds of rent, unless I share a bedroom! But at least I have health insurance for when a rat bites me in my bedroom and it gets infected.

This isn’t a true story at all but it would be if I didn’t have parents who let me live with them. Even though I hate living with them it’s better than being broke and living with rats.
Just curious, what are you all paid, what do y'all think you should be paid?

Genuinely curious because it will most definitely affect how I tip
And this is why I'm taking Welding classes!! Yay starSUCKS!
I may have missed something as I just came back from a 3 month LoA, but can you elaborate on the “limiting what you can order” part?
This is why I left pretty quickly after returning for a part time job in grad school. The job required way more work for barely more pay. I made $7.75 in 2006 and $9.50 when I returned in 2016. That doesn’t even remotely make sense for a 10 year difference. I took it because I needed a part time job and didn’t want to learn something new. That lasted about 8 months before I quit.
This. This isn't why I left, but every time I start missing the place, this is why I refuse to go back. 

Shit like this keeps good employees miles away, because a good, solid employee is either looking for steady work that will pay the bills, or more casual part time work for an extra buck. 

Starbucks refuses to pay rates that will support its workers. And it works its workers too hard to attract those who just want to work part time.
I recently left the company after 11 years because of this exact issue. Please do yourselves a favor and get out of there if you are unhappy. The market place is so hot for jobs right now and starbucks is a good place to have on your resume because a lot of employers know how hard it is to be a barista/shift/manager. Good luck tou you all!
I agree. I wanted to be a barista because i love making coffee. (I'm basically a cashier because my managers only put me on the bar once a month or so but that's another rant). I don't make a live able wage at Starbucks. Luckily I still have a lot of fun there but now I have to work two jobs just to be able to break even.


I was recently considering taking advantage of the college achievement plan so I applied to asu, didn't do any orientation or anything, and suddenly I got an email saying I have unpaid charges on my account. So I log into myasu and find I'm enrolled in 2 classes I never signed up for and I owe $933 in tuition. Luckily after a few phone calls they took the charges off but the whole ring made me think, if Starbucks didn't have a partnership with this scam college, they'd probably be able to pay their employees a decent wage.
I'm fearful this is what major employers are moving toward-more responsibility piled on less employees while never raising wages. Walmart is in the midst of completely restructuring their workforce and getting rids of many positions while heaping more workload of what few employees are left. This is not how you run a healthy business. Without happy employees, what do you have?
I'm an SSV in Washington state. I had to work 2 jobs because sbux dosent pay enough, but my mental health was declining so I decided to quit my 2nd job while sbux paid for my school. I make enough for rent and have maybe 200/month left for any random bills. As soon as I graduate ASU I want to leave. This is the hardest job I've ever had, and I'm expected to keep giving more and more, and expected to push my baristas to do more for the company while they make minimum wage. This isn't fair that I have to choose between my mental health and making enough money. I don't know what I want to do after I leave Starbucks but anything will be better at this point.
Please PLEASE go to this website and leave your feedback. Past or present partner, please do it. Starbucks doesn’t give a f*ck about its partners, but maybe if we scream loud enough they’ll have to listen?

https://customerservice.starbucks.com/app/contact/ask_company_info/
The only thing that gets me through the day is daydreaming about a world wide barista union
Lol sounds like me when I first started, I was making so much more money than I ever made at SB that I didn’t have any concept of saving/investing. It really is incredible! I can easily make twice as much in one night doing sex work than I would have made in a whole two week pay period at Starbucks.... Baristas are so sooo underpaid and deal with so much bullshit. Anyone who has a “Starbucks” personality can do it
I've gotten the most chilling Tyler Durden vibe from this post. Well said my friend.
I absolutely agree but unfortunately this is the case for nearly every large corporation
When stocks don't matter is when you'll see change in corporate policy. Stockholders don't want to lose any money and more staff means less profits. Hold more than just the board and CEO accountable. This is the same everywhere. Not trying to shit on you guys, but screaming at your leaders to make change isn't going to happen when they're one cog in a giant money making wheel that is our economy.
Reading the OP and all of the comments, it’s both upsetting and affirming. These were all things I found to be true, but I felt like a crazy person because nobody at my store seemed to be bothered by the shit pay and insane demands.

Granted, a lot of people at my store lived at home and didn’t have the burden of rent and other bills, which like everyone else here, I couldn’t afford in Los Angeles. I quit and moved to Oregon and I’m already in a degree-related job that pays over $10 more than my barista job! There are SO MANY BETTER options out there guys, the Bucks has a weird cultlike way of trapping people, especially those with strong work ethic and a desire to do well and take care of others. The job was an absolute joke.
And that’s why I’m leaving for another job that pays more, even though I LOVE Starbucks.
I could easily go get another better paying job. The only reason I haven't is that the store that I work in takes care of me, makes sure they get me my hours, feeds me, and is putting me through school.  I genuinely enjoy this job, and that isn't something that I can say about most places I've worked. I'd love to keep it for a long time, but I am well aware that I can't live off of this job forever at the rate they pay me. While it is something I love, it does get quite hectic and I have cried in the bathroom multiple times from the ridiculous amount of stress that it entails. I would love to see improvements and pay raises in training and employees and work here for years.
Our store isn't very busy. But even crunching the crude numbers I have from people talking about how much we average a week, partner costs for our store are like 15-20% verses how much we make. I know that the location itself, electricity, taxes, the SM and supplies also cost money. But literally we could probably afford to pay $20 and 40 hours a week to our partners at this non busy store if the company made some changes. It wouldn't be hard for baristas to be an actual proper job, I wouldn't have to be looking for "real" work on the side, nor would many of our partners.
On top of all this, I've just watched an IG story that John Legend played at the conference ... Wtf?!
Starbucks has a 20% profit margin, how well would talk be doing if the crew got a nickel for every drink made?
Everytime I go to my local store, it’s packed. Even the drive through gets so long, it blocks the entrance to the parking lot sometimes. I always see the baristas busting their asses, and as a customer, I want to say I appreciate every single one of you. Y’all work hard. And, it’s PSL season so bless your heart. Love ya guys 💚
Let's break this down: 

> They raise the price on health coverage,

> cut our labor, and limit what we can order, 

> while our wages stay the same 

> and our responsibilities grow

So basically, they are cutting costs by stretching what their existing costs cover.  (And your out of pocket costs go up)

This is not sustainable.  People will say that in order for a company to absorb higher minimum wage costs (not all places have this - yet, but it is spreading - some places $15/hr for example), they have to make that money back *elsewhere*.

I'm not a fan of that thinking - but I understand it, because ultimately it's a publicly traded company. Leadership would have their heads cut off with a dull rusty knife if they came out and said "look, with the minimum wage being increased, our profits are down due to paying people more" - they just can't do that.  Their only choice is - as you said:  increase the value of the labor they do have, lower the cost outlay that they incur (corp's portion of healthcare cost), lower base costs (lower labor baseline on the floor). Or raise prices.  Or, all of the above. 

Ultimately in a capitalist economy, these things eventually balance out but it takes a while.

Please hang in there.
Yeah, I left sbux almost a year ago now after working there for 1.5 years. I’m a college student, and I was working 30+ hours a week and going to class full time...I was stressed, overworked, and constantly pissed off about my job. when I transferred universities I knew I couldn’t stay. Got a job at a semi-nice restaurant, and now I make just as much or more as I made at Starbucks working about half the hours— plus, the management actually works with my school schedule and gives me the days off that I request!! 

Sometimes I miss making lattes, but unless I find a cafe that can match what I’m making now, I don’t think I’ll ever go back to the coffee industry.
It shouldn't surprise anyone that the phrase "We don't have the budget for that" is used by every major corporation.
Should baristas get paid more? Yes! Should store managers get paid more? Yes! Would cancelling this conference give every US and Canadian partner more than like $20 bonus? Definitely not.  All of these posts don’t seem to understand the difference between a one time financial and emotional investment and how much money raises for everyone would really cost. The conference is not stopping you from getting paid more but it will make your jobs and lives at your stores better. 

I understand the idea behind the post, but this Chicago event has nothing to do with your pay every day. 🤷🏼‍♀️
I worked for Starbucks 5 years ago. It’s laughable to think they “don’t have it in the budget” when the stock value has doubled since I left 5 years ago. With that said, it isn’t meant to be a career guys. If you want real benefits don’t work in the service industry. I’m pro union, but this isn’t 1940s manufacturing in industrial America...you’re making drinks And you’re easily replaceable, especially right now.
@arrocknroll Save your energy and leave your job and go work for one of those companies you mentioned that pays more.
[deleted]
Lmao fr though at this point y’all just need to stop bitching and find new jobs it stop bitching period. Y’all know corporate is full of shit, will watch hell freeze over before raising wages, and that it ain’t nothing to replace all of you with a new batch of gullible fucks starting at this shitty company for $9.5 an hour. Source: someone making 60% more than I was at Starbucks a year ago and working in a far far superior work environment.
So many of you have quit and found better jobs.  If you are unhappy with your current job, go find a new one. 

Is it really that hard?

While you may love Starbucks, life is about trade offs either accept the lesser hours or lower pay or go out there and try to see what your value may be to another employer.  There are many companies who would gladly compensate you better and be more appreciative of your efforts.
I do t know if you can really blame the rise of healthcare costs on Starbucks.
Already done muuuuutiple times by various ppl
Not sure why people address "corporate". As a partner moving to the SSC I don't think most partners understand how the ssc operates.

Labor changes are inevitable and unfortunate. I'll admit I think raising healthcare costs is bullshit and unfair but my pay in my 2 years here has gone from $12.50 to $17.08 an hour at the same store and has always been well above the local minimum.

I'm grateful I had an awesome supportive manager who helped teach me why I was facing these problems as a supervisor and who I need to address
This is the reality. You can’t boast about YOY sales growth while stocks are steadily growing and then turn around and say ‘we don’t have money for that.’ 

I was an SM for three years and I know my way around a P&L so I can tell you all for a fact that, at least in my district, it is very possible to pay people more. 

Partners that work in busier stores (>40k) should receive premium pay. SMs get an extra bonus in those stores, so why shouldn’t SSVs and baristas? 

My local Target stores pay 13 in the door. A full 1.50 more than a starting SSV. How the hell was I expected to convince a fully sane person to stay with Starbucks when that opportunity was literally across the street?
Starbucks is a fortune 500 company with I believe 15,000 locations in the US. Our store has been ridiculously busy recently to the point that we had the busiest two days **in our store’s history** and they still keep us doing 3-play. It’s absurd.
[deleted]
This should be the top comment. The time is ripe.
I wish it were that easy.
I legit can’t even afford that.
I also left the bucks and went to an independent coffee shop. I got hired as a shift manager and got a $3 raise as well. I am so much happier now. And I actually love working in coffee again.
Care to message me or reply with the name of the new company you’re working for?
I just left Sbux a week ago for this exact reason. After 9 brutal months of no training from my SM, and no end in sight to the countless promises of promotion, I took my 2yr sbux resume and got a better offer in 24 hours. They see my value and now they're actually preparing me for promotion (what a concept). 

Some advice, they will never take a good barista off the floor -sorry shifts, we've all seen you make drinks- and your promotion isn't going to come when you need it. Even if it means the floor suffers, management doesn't care and corporate doesn't care.

Also f**k yes we should all be talking about unionizing. More please. Anyone with sbux & unionization experience?
Wait, really? I didn't know anything below perfect was such a bad thing. Good to know. (I mean, I usually rate a low score on "they made an effort to get to know me" bc they don't. I pop in and out for mobile order. But I also realize -by reading this sub- that you guys are often understaffed and overworked..)
You should check out catering jobs for extra income. I applied to a company and they instantly hired me based on my experience at Starbucks. It’s not consistent work but when I have a catering job it’s $15 an hour plus anywhere from $40-90 in tips. Best second job I’ve ever had.
Please write an article to a newspaper or periodical if you can. Your story deserves to be heard
My store is 30 seconds. Completely unrealistic
Hey! I’m in the Chino area and am very interested! Please let me know the best way to contact you :)
I’m a tad too far for a daily commute but am in the area somewhat often! I’d love to check it out and support!
all PMs replied to, thanks for all the positive messages, so refreshing for reddit lol!
Canada never saw Spotify premium..that's still a running joke for us!
The tips are terrible still, classmates from my high school talk about they get like $70 on a weekend on one day. Even though they don't split tips evenly but still holy shit! I get $15 the most when I work 16 hours a week in a high volume store. I already turn in applications for other places, hoping to work in a boba shop where the starting pay here is $17 instead of $15 (: (min wage is $15 here)
Yeah I was bullied by the shifts, and like half of my store was shifts(almost every girl who worked there was a shift) every time I said the employees should just go on strike, or anything negative about Starbucks. Each one of the shifts wanted to be the overzealous manager’s pet who demanded under 40 second drive times while understaffed, like they all wanted to be her special protege. It was sad. 

They didn’t care about change for all, just getting their piece of the pie, and that’s how corporations beat people like us. They promote the unintelligent, who are just smart enough to do the job, and just stupid enough to blindly follow orders, and love to be bossy and keep the barrista’s in line.

But the managers use them like Sauron used Orcs and Balrogs and stuff. The managers just want them drive times down at the expense of your mental health. They all want record profits and metrics hoping they get some kind of raise or something.
:-/ Why don't you get the tips?
Good luck!! That sounds amazing
[deleted]
FDR agreed with you about that.
I feel like they can. They just don't wanna?
This is so me right now! I need at least 25, and I’m only getting 17 next week. It really sucks especially when I make so little :(
I feel you homie. I have the same problems, and am doing the same thing myself. It’s insane to me as well when my SM gives green breans 35-40 hours but only gives me 21, I’m one of the most senior partners at our store and my SM is well aware of my financial needs. Not that green beans don’t have them too, but cmon.
“Go” mode can kiss my ass.
I despise everything about it, the concept, the timing of it during peak.
Starbuck’s has to coin a phrase for everything; have a “play” for positions on the floor.
Many of us have educations, common sense and one or more college degrees.
The internal quashing of individualism at a store level is real.
You can unionize just areas and even just stores first, although I recommend district level or higher for safety. Portland has a couple fast food joints in a union for Portland specifically.
this is me too. i just turned down a ssv position because my shifts are so overworked and exhausted and i can't imagine taking that on right now.
When I was promoted I was so excited that I was being “recognized” and then every other partner shit on me and hated me for my promotion. There were several times I was crying in the bathroom because no one took me seriously even though I was working my ass off. My mental heath was at an all time low at that point. 

I’m out now and work for a financial advisor making twice as much and actually being supported and truly promoted within the company and I love it!

Yeah I've been trying to get promoted to SSV at work but I'm heavily reconsidering it. I only wanted it so I could get paid more and actually build a savings.
I feel that! I asked for a Minimum of 18 and I get 6.... what the fuck ?????
You aren’t owed anything.
Corporate doesn't give a fuck about what baristas think and they won't until people are quitting in droves, unionizing, or doing anything that threatens their bottom line and something actually changes.
Thank you! I'm hoping corporate pays attention too. I know what a great job this can be but I am incredibly concerned for where things are going especially under the leadership in my area. I've already got a better job lined up that I'm starting in October but for all of the amazing partners I have the privilege to work with, they deserve better.
I think there’s a section in fafsa where you can mark that your parents are unwilling to provide information to complete the application. One of my old coworkers did that and they just had to supply some additional paperwork to the school they had been attending.  Hang in there, you got this!
have you tried seeing if you could fill it out on your own? i’m so sorry that sucks
I have a friend in Miami who strips and let me just say she makes fucking BANK. She's also not good with money (always buying new makeup and clothes and shit and drives a brand new Lexus and lives in nice apt) but still. She clearly can afford those things and she's kinda stuck now cause she doesn't know what else to do to move on from it. But I remember her telling me one time on a Tuesday during winter time she made over 2k in a night. That's so insane for me to think about
It depends on the minimum wage in the area. For example, when I worked in a $15 min area, I made $15.05/hr. This was enough to live on in that area. I could pay my bills and buy food and be able to think about things like, replacing work shoes, etc. 

3 years in to being a partner I was at a whole $15.15. Then I moved to a $11 min area. As soon as I moved I was set at $11.05. Now, the area is a $12 min. So I make $12 an hour. I have worked with the company for 5 years. I am a barista trainer, a coffee master, a district barista champion, and in a few weeks I will be an SSV.  

I am promoting because I can’t pay my bills. My rent is $1,200/month, and I make $12 an hour BEFORE taxes. I have bled and cried and sweat for this company and I make the exact same amount as a brand new hire in my store. 

As far as tips, they do really help. We just want to make a livable wage, and most of us don’t. If you can’t pay your bills on 40hrs/week, that’s not a livable wage. 

Tips are hard to rely on though. My current store averages about 60 cents/hour. I generally spend that mayyyyybe $25-30 on groceries for the whole week.
In my area, baristas start at $9.50 and shifts start at $11.59. After being a shift for 2 years I am currently making $12.08. I feel like to be properly compensated, I would like to see $15-17 in my area and even then I feel like I'm low balling a bit. I am expected to do everything a store manager does outside of making the schedule yet they make roughly $55-60k salaries. I feel like asking that for every SSV in the country is a little unreasonable but I would absolutely like to see the gap close to reflect the work we do. 

As far as tips, honestly just tipping what you can means so much to us. If you really want to help us out though, filling out the surveys and rating everything at a 7 keeps management off our backs and gives us more sway when fighting for promotions/raises. The surveys are designed that 7 is a pass and everything else is a fail. A 6 means the same as a 1 as far as the final scores we get are concerned. Also writing compliments and naming names goes a long way.  Stores in my area have a stockpile of business cards with information to get into direct contact with the appropriate SM and DM so if your favorite store does the same, grab one and let them know how awesome your baristas are doing. 

Thank you for asking. Customers like you make our jobs much more tolerable.
I think it depends on the state
I worked at starbucks in 3 states over 3 1/2 years annnnnd:
New Jersey (barista) 10.50
South Carolina (barista) 8.50 ...rip...
Colorado (shift lead) 11.00

Th south was bonkers. They actually had lowered my hourly wage from 10.50 to 8.50 bc “cost of living was lower” and it would “be unfair” all I heard was “you’re doing exactly the same job but, for less! :)))))” 

But yeah my point is it most likely depends on the state/city but it’s not much
in my area, the baristas make 5 cents more than min wage, and only get 15-20 hours a week even with open availability.
I’m not sure how much it varies from place to place, but I make $9.20 as a barista and I’ve heard SSV gets $11.20 or so.
My area is starting baristas out at 9.60. Almost every other retail or food job in the area is starting out at 11. My manager can not get anyone to take the job and we keep losing staff to other jobs. Pretty soon no one will be working at our store if corporate doesn't do something about it. Rent for an apartment is around $750 for a one bedroom.
I live in a major metropolitan area in Texas and a lot of districts that should definitely be more are only paid starting 9$/hr. Some baristas are cents above that because of the annual raise.  I’d imagine that the longer you’ve been a partner, the better your paycheck looks because they used to have raises based on performance but they took that away at some point.

I work in a suburb just outside one city. I’m not sure if the pay is increased if you work in downtown stores. I wouldn’t be surprised if it was the same. I have however heard that there can be a pretty remarkable difference of pay rates between some districts. That could be the case but I don’t know anyone who works downtown. 

I believe we should be making at least two dollars more where I am right now.

If I wasn’t married, I’d be absolutely fucked without roommates. I’m lucky in that I can work this job with relatively little stress about money because my wife is deffo the bread winner. I’m in awe of this partner in my store who raises three kids on barista wages. I’ve no idea how she does it.
Skilled welders make more than a lot of 4-year college graduates I know. Blue-collar work can be extremely attractive.
Yeah! Leave as soon as you get through with school. I'm doing the same thing. You will no doubt get something that pays twice as much.
Except Costco. Seriously guys I highly recommend working for them. I wish I had never left.
It takes a strong leader to make change. Starbucks has always championed themselves as progressive company by calling employees "Partners" and providing benefits. They advertised themselves as "different" than their counterparts. 
If Starbucks isn't as progressive and different from all of the others, maybe it's time they stopped putting those jargons on everything and start saying it how it really is.
I like making coffee. Customers like to drink coffee. There's no reason I shouldn't "be in this industry" and be able to survive.
I did. The start date can't come soon enough. I just feel that current partners deserve better.
I did. I'm making $12 an hour as a shift. I recently took a job that pays what you're making with better benefits and it's not even management. The benefits are really nothing special anymore. Many retail and food service establishments around me are offering similar or better benefits with higher starting pay at the ground level than what shifts make in my area. 

I agree that this job rocks which is why I made this post. I want to see Starbucks and it's partners succeed but with the way things are going in my area I don't see that happening and I know I'm not alone in that. I've said in other comments that this issue depends on the area and I'm glad that you're being paid what you're worth but unfortunately not everyone in our position is. My days as a partner are numbered but that doesn't mean that current partners don't deserve better. 

We are quite literally running a business and not everyone is being paid fairly for that here.
This is incredibly ignorant and plain rude. "Just quit and find a better job!!!" Man! I live in a small city, I applied for close to 50+ jobs(both work from home and local) before being hired at Starbucks. I applied at Starbucks as a "I gotta apply for anything now" plan. The issue is since the city is small, and a university city, people with more education, better experience, etc are getting hired. I want to go to school but it's not something I can start right this moment. It IS that hard because not everyone has the same circumstances as you. Just leave.
I applied to several jobs before I applied to Starbucks just a few months ago. None of them hired me. I tried to call and check on applications and was told I couldn’t do that, they would reach out for an interview or to tell me I didn’t get the job. I was hired at the beginning of June and have still been receiving emails about how those positions have now been filled at the other places I applied, months after applying. It is not always as simple as finding another job, especially where I live because the minimum wage is $7.25 so many places pay even less than Starbucks unfortunately. Yet Walmart cashiers are getting paid $13 an hour to do nearly nothing, but I couldn’t get hired because I’m sure everyone else is applying for those easier and better paying jobs as well.
I mean, I’m happy for you. I’ve been a partner for 5 years now, and I’ve never made more than 15 cents above the minimum wage at any one time.
Where is this Starbucks that pays $17.08 an hour? I’d love to work there.
That's awesome dude! I will admit that these problems vary from area to area and I'm glad you're being paid well for the work you do. Unfortunately in my area, the pay has barely moved at all. Baristas start at $9.50 and shifts start at $11.59. After two years as a shift, I'm only making $12.08. Meanwhile, every surrounding food service or retail job is starting at what I make or more just as a sales associate. 

The only thing that my SM does that our shift team and I do not do is make the schedule. I sit in on interviews, I have say as to who gets hired and who gets promoted, I'm in charge of our stores inventory, layout, and general organization, I lead meetings, delegate and oversee training including that of other new shifts, I'm included in DM visits for store progress, I've even been somewhat of a mentor to my current SM who was hired in when my current store opened a year ago. All of this in addition to all of the day to day responsibilities of being a shift. Our DM has even flat out said that for all intents and purposes, we are the acting store managers when we are leading a shift and she is not wrong.

I just don't feel like I'm being compensated properly for the work I'm expected to do. I've tried talking to my DM and others but it's always met with some buzz words that make me feel good in the moment but then I don't see results. Our district's turnover rate has gone through the roof since our new DM, RD, and RVP have taken over a year ago because unfortunately I am not an isolated incident. People who deserve to be promoted into SM positions who demonstrate the ability to compitently run a store are passed up for people who just can't based on nothing more than a general feel.

I've already got a much better job lined up where the pay, benefits, and working conditions are far and away better, but I feel for the partners in my area because it is looking very bleak right now.
Feel free to elaborate how your store went that high in pay scale, unless it was local minimum wage increases.
I know. I mean corporate can be held accountable for a margin of the issue, but I'm in my second store and have been lucky enough to have great managers who take everyone's situation into account. Working a barista to their availability or even just making sure they can keep benefits by working them at least 20 hours. I know not everyone's situation is the same, but not everything can be blamed on the group as a whole. I loved the people in my first store but knew there was no growth so I transferred to a new store. I made that call in order to improve my own situation. And while I complain every now and again, I know at the end of the day, I'm the one who controls my Starbucks journey, not anyone else.
This. Right here. I was an SM for 5 years, and this is a major reason I left the company. I could not pay my employees fairly, and I killed me. I paid less to new employees than a job at Taco Bell, but was expected to hire high-quality, experienced people. I paid 4-5 year partners ten cents more than new ones, but was expected to nurture and grow talent. It got to the point where promises of offering a fair living wage were broken too many times, and I had to leave.
I work at a target and worked in the Starbucks for a few months. It’s true that our wages are going up and they are paying more, in my store Starbucks starts at 13.50. While we may be making more than you, our hours are shit. Some weeks I was only working 12 hours. I had to find a lower paying job with more hours! (I still work a couple mornings a week to keep the discount 😂) Just because the wage increases doesn’t mean you’ll be making more! That’s what we all thought when target announced the wage increases, but most people have seen such a drastic cut in hours that they are making less than when the wage was much lower! Don’t get me wrong, Starbucks could pay more, but depending on how much more, there could be drawbacks.
Wow, 13 an hour?! I don't blame anyone jumping ship. I am curious though what area of the country you live in. I am in the midwest and most fast food jobs start around $9-11 I believe
I don't understand the hatred for unions in this country. I really don't.
What’s Ralph’s? Only thing that comes to mind is an Italian ice chain in the northeast.
Same here with King Soopers. Legit I get 40hrs at $15 with guaranteed 20hrs and right now I'm getting relief management pay at 19.81/hr
I don’t understand how being in a union cops you wages like that.
[deleted]
Coffee by Design! It is a cafe/roastery with a few locations based in Portland, ME
“They made an effort to get to know me” is actually the only question that matters to our customer connection scores, and anything below the highest is a fail. It’s an awful system
For our store, it’s often because people zoom in and out and we don’t have the opportunity. I can’t speak to your experience, of course. I totally understand that though!
Yeah mine was pissed if it wasn’t under 40, preferably 37. It was nearly impossible to get everything right, especially with how annoying the customers were with special requests and using their cards points and stuff.
Lol, I remember when it launched for Canadian partners and it was in the works for Canada... Good thing I didn't count on it. 🤣 (I haven't worked at SBUX for 2 years now.)
Yup. Tried to do the Spotify premium yesterday and that’s unavailable. And we don’t have a school tuition coverage program here. It’s just a 1000 reimbursement so I can buy like a book and a half with the money. Kind of disappointed and I’m pretty new. 

The shifts seem overworked, out AS works 45hrs a week, and seems like every time someone new is hired they’re given that good work incentive of “oh well have prompting you to shift” but there’s so many tenures that could run circles around you it just doesn’t happen. And maybe that’s how people get sucked in and stuck. 

Don’t get me wrong it’s not all bad, but yeah. Starbucks with their resources could absolutely do better.
we do get the tips ! i think they were just trying to say that we only get tips as a byproduct of these outrageous customer service standards which as are coerced into enforcing
We get the tips, but if Starbucks cared about our wages, another thing they could do is add an option to tip on the card readers. 15% would go A LONG WAY towards improving wages... But they haven't, because they don't want to overburden their customers more than they already do by charging them a 600% markup on frappuccinos.

To reiterate it, Starbucks doesn't care about it's workers.

Edit: as it stands if you're lucky, you get $1-2 an hour for tips. If you ever worked for tips, this fact should appal you.
Thank you!
Heyyyy!! There’s gotta be one for every district right?! Hopefully your story ends better than mine!
What or who is FDR
I have the opposite problem. My manager won’t hire new people, I’m in full time university, and everyone at my store works an average of 25-30 hrs (minus a high schooler). I asked for 20 hrs or less and for the next two weeks, I’m working 30-35hrs. Not to mention I’m one of two closers, and my availability is never followed. I’m frequently scheduled during classes which affects my team and me. Really fed up.
Bruh I sent him a message about it and he literally didn’t even respond even tho he looked at it.  Ridiculous.
What is Go mode?
Thanks corporate
Actually, yes they are. EVERYONE deserves a livable wage. Not just those who could actually afford a college education. And if you're getting shafted for hours, you're not gonna be making enough money to put food on the table. So kindly fuck off with this bullshit.
And what sucks about that is unless enough baristas/SSVs band together to do this nothing will ever change because nobody will ever take action. I would love to walk out on droves leaving stores empty fucking up the bottom line but too many people would not be willing to do it (which I totally get because I need a paycheck as well)
[deleted]
[deleted]
And what's worse, thebshift pay increase is almost not worth it. Especially if you care about your baristas and doing your best to set the next shift up for success. It's hard and exhausting and there are boring desk jobs that pay way more. But I don't want boring. I want to be paid for the shit I'm good at.
I feel this. My girlfriend is also the breadwinner of the house which is why I'm able to work for minimum wage while looking for something better.
my mom makes 40+ an hour for costco every sunday :)
I’m glad you like it, so did I. You are paid based on your value, that is how the economy functions. If you want more money make yourself more valuable. Why is this so hard to grasp? Even if you were making $15 an hour, that is hardly enough to live on this day and age.
Congrats on making the move.  You’re lucky to be in a position that enabled you to make the move. Not everyone is as fortunate. It’s tough to accept but at the end of the day, management or ownership really anywhere for the most part doesn’t give a fuck about their employees as long as the job is filled, labour is low, and profits are in line. Everyone is replaceable and you can be replaced tomorrow. Womp womp
How long have you worked at Starbucks?  Since working at Starbucks, have you tried to apply at another job?

Since gaining experience, you would definitely be more appealing to employers now.
How long have you worked at Starbucks. Have you tried to apply anywhere since? 

Now that you have experience, you are definitely more attractive to companies, including Walmart.
Yeah this is true, but there needs to be regulation against these corporate conglomerates in order to prevent them from making massive hour cuts.
Georgia. I just saw the sign on the window yesterday. Idk what the position entails, but if that’s the starting pay, I can’t imagine the responsibility comes close to a SSV. 

I was talking about it with my wife as we were leaving Target and the disconnect between Starbucks upper management and stores still amazes me. Imagine having to sit down in an interview and share the role and expectations of a barista to then tell them the starting pay is 9.50. 

I understand why we are expected to ‘drink the kool-aid’ because a rational person can’t do the SM job without feeling like they’re taking crazy pills.
we are not immune to propaganda 😿
It’s the result of the hard work capitalists have been putting towards propaganda. I remember in elementary school reading in our HISTORY books about the formation of unions and how necessary they were AT THE TIME but now are obsolete. It’s all bullshit.
capitalism
I guess it depends on what job it is? My dad absolutely hates unions but he works in freelance  commercial production. And he's seen it get really messed up for the people working in them in that field.
Supermarket chain based in Southern California that’s owned by Kroger. Not sure if there are locations beyond this area.
Rita’s? 😂
It's a supermarket chain in Southern California.
It’s a chain of grocery stores.
It would take a tremendous effort. I would love to see it happen for that company. I worked for them two different times and it became so bad. Just like OP said. Pay is shit and hours are often hard to come by. I hope it happens. This company needs a lot of change.
Oh no... welp, I know what I'll be putting from now on. Now I know ;-)

 "YOU get a 10! YOU get a 10! EVERYONE GETS A 10!"
But in some stores they’re only like $0.75 an hour (at least in my experience)
$1-2 an hour for tips would be a dream. My store we earn about $0.50 per hour in tips, and we’re in a busy downtown area.
[deleted]
franklin delaware roosevelt!!
Contact your DM ASAP
My SM hit me with the “well you’re welcome to pick up hours” bullshit
During peak/busy times, the position that usually stocks items/brews coffee/does dishes/replaces trash gets moved to the floor to help keep the flow up so no one waits too long (whether that's ringing people up, making drinks, blending foam/frapps/etc). It worked at my old store, but I'm guessing most people hate it because it can get you really behind on a lot of tasks that build up during that time. It can really screw over the closers when the better solution would've been just to have an extra person on the floor.
You’re not entitled to hours. This isn’t a livable wage discussion.
I no longer speek to my parents and when I filled out my FAFSA I chose the option that my parents were unwilling to to include information. No further details needed. That is what that option is for.
don’t forget about the CUP fund if you need anything either. there’s also helplines for mental health and stuff you could reach out to.
i’m so sorry. i wonder if you could legally force your parents for straight up hindering your future. i didn’t have insurance for like a year because of my mom so i don’t get it completely but i can empathize. sending you all my love.
Yeah. I’m hoping I’ll be able to swing it for the next two years while I do school because man, if I stay as a barista I’m going to have to get another job. Two jobs and school doesn’t sound like a winning equation to me.
lmao. I have been applying for other jobs - I also have some great experience. The issue is there are people here with better experience, degrees, and have a car(this is on me, which I'm working on!). This isn't as simple as you make it out to be, and people aren't just sitting around being like 'boohoo Starbucks :(' - it's ridiculously embarrassing for you to sit there and think people aren't doing SOMETHING.
I said in my reply I was hired at the beginning of June. This is not my first job, by the way, so experience was never the issue.
there’s almost always a crazy disconnect between upper management and front runners. it sucks and is ugly. i worked at a completely different type of company but it was much the same.
i live and work in GA, my store is 9.50 but comes down after taxes so. :/ its also one of the busiest stores in the district
[removed]
No, Ralph’s was a regional chain primarily in NY and NJ.
Your baristas thank you :)
You da real MVP
Not to mention a lot of partners here struggle to get hours. Say you’re at a 20 hour week on .75 an hour. You get $15. Thanks for the half tank of gas I guess?
thats still better than nothing in my opinion idk
I'd honestly say $1 per hour is good. Usually it was between $0.75-$0.90 an hour when I was at the bux
Congrats on the move!!! I ended up moving back in with my mom lol. She needed help and I couldn’t say no to not having a bills/being able to live with my mom and dogs again ❤️
It’s Delano (not trying to be a dick, just fyi)

Edit: actually just occurred to me you might be joking in which case disregard
I specifically mentioned to mine I don’t like relying on random chance to pay rent like jfc.
As an addendum, GO stands for Growth Opportunity. It is SBUX conceding that there are not enough partners on the floor to maintain the normal flow behind the bar. Customer support is redeployed into a production role and everyone is planted for the length of the GO mode play. The idea is that if you focus on production during peak, the business grows as customers’ needs are better met. 

This sub isn’t going to like hearing this, but it works. At my cafe store, one year ago we were running a 3-4 part play during peak. Today, we run a 5-6 part play. It definitely sucks starting out, but over time the labor forecast catches up and starts allotting more time to meet the demand.
Queen, we don’t  even have enough people to have a Customer Support position at my store since my SM refuses to hire anyone for some goddamn reason.
What kinda nonsense are you trying to push here? If I've got a job, and I am expected to work, yes I'm gonna be pissed if I'm suddenly not getting hours. Why hire someone if you don't plan to give them hours? Even if I make just minimum wage, I should still get hours to work at my job because I still need to feed my family and myself.
It's not. I hope you can swing it. Just make sure you plan everything way out because getting open and close shifts covered by an exhausted shift team is impossible. My SM is never on the floor so it's extra hard. The best store managers are also putting in way more hours then they're paid for. It's bad all around.
I get it. There is a clear difference between 50k a week stores and 12k a week stores. While it's true that the 50k a week stores get more labor, that's generally just for peak. I was ASM at a 50k a week DT store and we got killed any time outside of peak. I have worked in 15k a week DT stores that were a cake walk all day. 

The difference between 90 half hours and 20 half hours during peak is obvious to anyone who has worked them. Paying partners more that work at stores that are busier and therefore bring in more money only makes sense, they earn it. But trying to tell that to even a DM is like talking to a wall. I can't imagine trying to sell it to someone who actually makes decisions.
So it's right wing propaganda for someone not to like a union who's grown up working in a place that has union vs working in another place without?

While I understand unions probably could benefit certain people, not everyone likes them and just because someone doesn't like it doesn't make it propoganda...
NJ: Rita's in one hand, Ralph's in the other
It is better than nothing for sure, but the hourly pay is shit, and we are expected to roll over for jerk customers just to potentially get those tips. I can’t tell you how much abuse my partners suffered from rude customers. I never put up with it as a shift but it’s insane how hard we have to work for that .75
It’s definitely better than nothing (at one store I was lucky to make more than $10 a 40 hr work week), but for a lot of partners, tips can make or break whether or not they can pay rent for the month. Yeah there are better paying jobs and we have the right to seek out better options, but we shouldn’t have to in a company that used to be known for how well it took care of its employees. For a company that loves to brag about how progressive it is, it leaves a lot to be desired. Our cups aren’t even recyclable for christsake.
[deleted]
yea im actually really high haha and i knew who it was but i didn't know the middle name so ty
"The labor forecast catches up" 🤣🤣
You’re not entitled to an amount of hours. You are hired to fill business needs. 🤷🏼‍♂️
[removed]
You nailed it!!

Also just saw the reason why you’re moving. That’s super shitty, I had the same thing happen to me. Went to a brand new district because my DM had it out for me and my SM no longer thought I was promotable since I had a BF, and the BS followed me to that district. I hope your new city treats you well!!
It literally did at my store. ￼Idk what to tell you. 🤷‍♂️
I don't belive you understand what the word propoganda means...
Was it based on historical data? (# of customers on this day of the year in the last year?)



Ours is and it causes us to be grossly understaffed during the random afternoon peaks. 40 customer half hours with 2 partners is a crime against humanity that SMs have no problem committing
I’m not on the team that determines the labor algorithm. But my store’s labor has increased year over year. It took about 3 months for us to consistently earn the extra person we thought we needed. 

Also, SBUX forecasts are eerily close. Like +- 15 daily customers for my store.  Usually the amount of labor you earn for the day is pretty close to the amount of labor SBUX allots, but it’s up to SMs to schedule the day correctly to meet those needs. If you’re understaffed in the afternoons, you’re probably over staffed somewhere else.
It also has a lot to do with partners being left with one or two other partners that are almost a year old and still need to be told what needs to be done every 10 minutes. I call them half-partners
