I am a store manager. I sent this message via work chat to Kevin Johnson. 

I am removing particular details to maintain my identity. 


Hi Kevin. My name is..., and I managed the Starbucks in.... I've put in my two weeks, but I'm amazed at the outrage and honesty that's being demonstrated in the message that has your name attached to it in Store Communications. 

I have no intentions on continuing my career with Starbucks, so perhaps that gives me the courage to finally speak up. 

I am amazed at the consistent disconnect between management and store level partners. 

I believed in Starbucks. Past tense. It’s been a few years since I believed that this was about coffee, or even our mission and values.

I admire that we consistently live up to our shareholder’s expectations.

I am often impressed by the dividends that we pay out. 

I would like to see Starbucks continue to thrive as a company.

However, I have had the impression for quite some time that we, as a company, are not aware of the workloads that we place upon our store level partners, and how the pay is not representative of the physical or emotional tolls that working with the general public places upon us.

I am consistently amazed at the lack of feedback that we seek out. Coaching upward was a phrase we used when I began with Starbucks six years ago. However, we seem to only demand downward now.

I wonder if you are aware of the general attitude of your store managers in the mid-Atlantic region, that we are overworked, and the requirements of the position to succeed.

I also wonder if you are aware of the general sentiments of our shift supervisor and barista teams in the mid-Atlantic region.

I of course can’t speak to the status entire company, however if you were to take anonymous surveys of the store level partners in this region, you may be surprised at the dissatisfied responses (or, perhaps, worse, you wouldn’t be surprised).

I also know that statistical anomalies are statistical anomalies because they do not occur often. 

We are most likely not unique. 

We are underpaying our shift supervisors for what we expect of them. Many of them can get jobs that pay better with significantly less responsibility.

While our benefits package is absolutely fantastic, the low pay fails to acknowledge that many hourly partners struggle to pay rent or put food on their table.

When programs like Lyra and Headspace roll out, it’s infuriating. You are acknowledging the issues that we face while failing to acknowledge why these issues arise in so many.

You are curing the symptoms without diagnosing the disease.

Giving someone pain killers to cure the migraines caused by cancer does not fix the cancer. 

Please stop with the platitudes and begin addressing us as the intelligent human beings that we are. You cannot create a company culture with the propaganda. 

It begins with the top.

We as a company do not live up to our Mission and Values anymore. 

We fail to challenge our status quo; we are not connecting with our store level partners with transparency, and when you fail at transparency you fail at dignity or respect.

Everything that is coming out of Seattle is presented as disingenuous and disconnected to hourly partners.

Without them, you wouldn’t be able to collect your paycheck or stock options.

Please reconsider how you’re connecting with us.

If we are heard, acknowledged, and our conditions were improved, you might find that our productivity would increase significantly.

I challenge you to challenge the status quo.

I challenge you to connect transparently, respectfully, and with dignity.

I challenge you to hold yourself accountable for the results of our current decisions.

I challenge you to create the culture we had, of warmth and belonging.

I challenge you to inspire the spirit of your partners again.

Thank you for your time,

Me

Edit: I was on the fence when I posted this about requesting people to share it. 

If you know anyone who would benefit from this, please share, partner or not. 

If we present a happy face to the public, they do not know the struggles we face on a daily basis. 

They don’t understand why drive thru times are high. 

They do not understand why they are waiting for their latte. 

If we do not speak up, management will never know what it is that we are facing on a daily basis. 

We stand stronger together. 

Have a lovely day everyone, and for those of you who share my sentiment, I hope things improve for you.

Edit 2: I’m realizing now that customers are coming here as well. I’d like to share the [Partner Promise that was shared by Kevin Johnson on our PartnerHub. I’m glad someone else shared it. ](https://www.reddit.com/r/starbucks/comments/i2uktd/no_hazard_pay_but_we_get_this_partner_promise/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf) 

The reception from partners thus far has been almost entirely negative.

Edit 3: It’s been so fantastic to hear from so many of you the unique and varied experiences this company is facing. It also breaks my heart that so many of us feel this way with so little recourse. I need to call it a night, but I’ll be sure to respond to everyone I’ve missed tomorrow. Please be safe everyone, and take of yourselves. Physically and mentally. We stand stronger together.
[deleted]
Hell of a letter.
> Many of them can get jobs that pay better with significantly less responsibility.

My last straw was working oven and basically being pressed all morning to get food out faster and faster (a Shift had broken her foot tripping while running from oven to window no more than two months before). I was watching bar get bitched at for making a drink wrong and almost in a trance, I said to myself “There are people out there that get paid way more than me and deal with way less stress.” It took a second for me to be conscious of what I had just said, but after my shift I went straight home and uploaded my resume on indeed. A month later I was hired at a AAA tech company. Never been happier. (I do have a college degree but I was a theatre major, not CS.) You guys are worth more. Quit your jobs.
This is not only well wondered but very poignant. I was basically just harassed by my dm for making comments on the hub. Comments that were in some cases agreement with other comments in some cases suggestions for the company. Do you mind if I copy and keep this to show to him next time he hassles me? Most of his comments came down to “you are just a shift and don’t know what’s it’s like to run a company, and no one has the complaints you do. (Pay, bar guard being dumb, corporate not caring etc etc)
"Giving someone pain killers to cure the migraines caused by cancer does not fix the cancer."

Love that.  Going to file that in my brain.

I used to go to sbux all the time, I had my favorite location where the baristas knew it was me in the drive thru just from my order.  I knew about their pet rats, their promotions, etc.  They're all gone now, and now on the rare occasions I go, it's always someone different - I never see the same person twice.  And I won't even bring up the inconsistency in drink quality ('thanks for the hot milk with a teaspoon of coffee in it but pretty sure that's not how a flat white should taste').

Then the pandemic hit, all but a couple stores were closed (the ones that didn't were only open for like four hours a day), and I just....quit going altogether.  I have a few bucks and a reward still on my gold card but not sure they'll ever get used up.

Joining this subreddit as a customer was initially just, well, being nosy lol - but it was an eye opener.  Coupled with seeing my own preferred location go downhill like it did turned me off sbux pretty much completely.  

Whenever the topic of sbux comes up with coworkers or whoever, I make it known how the employees are treated based on what I've learned here.
Wow.

You're truly a conscientious and professional Store Manager that Starbucks seriously needs to be listening to.

Your message to Kevin Johnson is a perfectly composed, brutally honest, and completely accurate account of the way Starbucks has objectively failed to live up to the commitment and promises it promotes as its own values and mission.

I don't believe that Starbucks accidentally failed to live up its own values.

I believe the company values and the ethics and compliance standards for business conduct were quietly abandoned as a business strategy and that Starbucks is misleading its employees and its customers that it is an ethical company.

I am the husband of a former Starbucks barista who was bullied out of her workplace because she spoke up and challenged the status quo and held her store to the Starbucks standards.

I too am angry that Starbucks engages in bad behaviour.

I have no wish to see Starbucks treated unfairly or as if it does no good in the world at all.

But I certainly can't sit by complacently, as so many do, and accept the gross hypocrisy and the pain and suffering that so many people have reported, included what my wife suffered.

Starbucks needs to change its ways and to acknowledge the harm it is doing.

I don't expect that to happen though and the charade will continue with many more people being misled and hurt.

Thank you for your eloquence and your courage to speak truth to power.

Good luck to you.
Everything I’ve ever thought about the company in the last few years, you’ve managed to capture with this letter. I want to thank you for saying what a lot of us are feeling!
I love this. Well thought out and accurate. I also put in my 2 weeks as an ASM (they refused to bring me up to $12/hr) and will be working on my own cafe full time now until it opens. 

Starbucks really used to care about their locations being "the third place". And they really aren't anymore. They are whatever the coffee version of a puppy mill would be called. It's all about speed and profit. The quality has dropped. Connection is near impossible. And meanwhile store level employees are really still trying while being overworked and under payed.
I know of you and one other SM on this board and you’re the one I want as my SM. SMs could learn or thing or two about supporting their partners from you! We respect SMs who stand up for us!
This was wonderfully written. I'd love to see his response, if he gives you one. This need to be posted on every platform, for every single barista, shift supervisor, and store manager to see.
This is amazing. I can tell you that I’ve been a shift for four years and my mental health has been at it’s all time low. And I know it’s work related. Lyra and headspace felt like a slap to the face. I feel like they just don’t care. It’s hard to go to work being underpaid over worked and not valued. I used to love my job. Now I struggle to even get out of bed to go to it. This letter puts  all my thoughts and feelings into words. Thank you.
> consistent disconnect between management and store level partners. 

This. I don't think they would have fired me over petty politics if they knew how hard I worked for them. Not a minute late in two years of working 60+ hour weeks when I could because when they begged me to come in I said Yes. And without even meeting me, you said No Forever. Good. I deserve better anyway. Minus one for you is Plus one for a competitor, Kevin.
Thank you for sending this. I truly hope he reads and digests what the company has become. It’s been continuously getting worse as the years go on and we are drifting further from our core beliefs.  I’m a shift supervisor performing at an asm level of responsibility. I am one of the few things holding my store together right now and it’s truly exhausting. I do not get paid enough for the sh*t I put up with.
I was also a Starbucks store manager. I was told it was an expectation to work 50-60 hour weeks, only be paid for 40 hours.  I burnt out after 2 years. I have noticed in the last 4 years, the company definitely has slid away from the mission and values it promotes.  As an 8 year partner, I have seen  positive changes and negative changes. 

I once thought that I would have a career with Starbucks. Now I definitely do not.
Thank you for this. I’m just a hourly partner, a barista. I’ve been with the company for over a year and although that isn’t that long, I’ve realized how ignorant and selfish this corporation is. Countless times have I watched my store manager break down in tears because of the expectations required from corporate and upheld by the DM. I remember doing training during COVID and hearing how idiotic corporate was during the entire situation. They don’t care about us. They don’t care about making things easier for us because then their image “suffers.” I remember begging my store manager to let us enforce the mask wearing rule and she told me she couldn’t because corporate had said it was not part of the Starbucks image to refuse service. I remember the only reason I came to work during the +3/hr pay was so that I could be there for my team and help them out. It’s too late now but I’ve finally realized the only ones who I was helping was this mass corporation who couldn’t give two shits about anyone. We are replaceable to them. They act like we are family and they are here for us but when something comes up that might hold a community against them, they further destroy their reputation. Especially when they forbid us to wear anything in favor of the BLM movement. If that doesn’t show what kind of company this is, i don’t know what will. Then they received backlash and all of sudden they were pro-blm. Like what the fuck? 
And what the hell is up with saying no to a customer? I understand it’s to maintain customer loyalty but everyday I come to work, the abuse from customers gets worse. On multiple occasions, I have been called racial slurs (I’m Hispanic), been called hideous names, been told I was stupid because I had their venti water in my hand and couldn’t give all three of their drinks to them at once. I’ve had money thrown at me, drinks thrown at me, been told I was incompetent and disgusting because the drink I handed to them was incorrect even though i didn’t craft it. And you know what I do? Nothing. This whole Lyra is available to you if you are going through depression or a mental illness is a joke. Mental illness is not a joke but the fact of it all is that Starbucks is why I have massive anxiety to come to work or why I’ve balled my eyes out at work due to horrible customers yet Starbucks won’t take accountability. They just throw “resources” at us as if they aren’t the reason why we need them in the first place. I’m sick and tired of being treated like shit. But god forbid I ever say no to a customer because I know that within seconds I’d be separated from the company.  I remember when this company was great but now I understand why Dutch Bro’s customers think we’re messy. Why Dunkin’ Donuts doesn’t even see us as competition. Starbucks only has 1 competitor and it’s itself. Oh and maybe McDonald’s because they also treat their workers like shit. At the end of the day, Starbucks sucks. Thanks for coming to my Ted Talk. 

- This is my opinion derived from my own experience -
As a former SM, I felt this so deeply. The company is not what it once was, and to see it change so drastically over the last few years has been heartbreaking. I protected my teams as long as I could, but eventually had to let go for my own mental health. All of my supervisors went on to better things, with my encouragement and in some cases, recommendation. I can't say that I regret it .
Thank you so much! I left Starbucks a year ago after being a partner for about 7 years. I wanted out probably 4 years before I left but stuck around to finish up school at ASU. I live in the Midwest, and the issues are the same. It is absolutely demeaning to work so hard as a shift supervisor with so much responsibility and struggle to pay your bills. Best of luck in your next job, my quality of life has improved dramatically since I left!!
"While our benefits package is absolutely fantastic, the low pay fails to acknowledge that many hourly partners struggle to pay rent or put food on their table."

This right here. I saw single dads and single moms struggling to survive. They couldn't at Starbucks.

The whole idea that Howard Schultz wanted to create a company his father would be proud of (maybe that wasn't it?), while paying employees so little they have to try and get government assistance to just survive? It's either dishonest, or delusional. Maybe both?

I worked on the corporate side for several years, and for me to have insurance for myself and my kids, that meant one of two things:

1) Great insurance, with basically no paycheck.

2) Horrible insurance, with little paycheck.

There was absolutely no way a father of 3, like Howard's, could survive today in the Starbucks that Howard Schultz created.
Wow thank you so much for doing this on our behalf.  I am a shift lead and decided an hour into my opening shift today after having to tell the same customer to leave the store for not wearing a mask, finding out that I need to self-isolate but not having any clear direction on how to finish my morning and having a suicide attempt in my family that this job IS NOT WORTH IT.  It's not worth the Spotify premium, not worth the Headspace subscription, the limited Lyft drives, the 3% yearly "raise", the Karens, the Brads and the Chads, the homeless people that I have to fearlessly face when they are threatening my partners...  Even before COVID, my mental health was shaky and SBUX was not there to support me or my fellow partners.  The fact that they continue to hold press conferences for share holders but not their *own* employees shook my faith in this "caring" company.  So THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU ❤️
Thank you, for being a store manager and speaking up and bravely defending us. Especially with a pandemic and unaware and awful customers, I hate the situation that my fellow managers and baristas are in. I’m making enough to keep myself afloat, even though hours have been cut. As a shift I make a couple extra bucks an hour than baristas. They work hard, they give me all they can, and they could be sitting at home on unemployment doing nothing, and still be making more than even I do. It doesn’t make sense. We have loved the company and our jobs, and we don’t want to give them up. But how can I just sit and suffer, when I could, like you said, make more somewhere else with less responsibility? This company is doing better than most, and I’m thankful for what they do for us. But they can and should be doing better.
I was a shift for 7 years, and worked for the company for almost 8 years. Kept trying to promote, they kept moving me to “problem stores” so prove I would be a good store manager. By the end of my time I had 8 different home stores, and had worked at 25 different stores in the Denver metro area. I was being paid $.10 more than brand new shifts, yet I was training outside hire SMs. When I would transfer to another problem store, I would be replaced with an outside hire ASM. I ended up as a team lead in a Tarbux, for $4 more an hour, and less work. I had to leave due to health issues, and every time I think of going back I remember all the shit they put me through. 

Thank you for standing up for your partners. Good luck to you in your future!
As a store manager who just put in her two weeks, I’m with you completely with this message!
I doubt this Kevin guy will listen to customers but I’m having more and more bad experiences and I know it’s not the employees. They’re out of lunches, the “nitro machine” is now broken more often than McDonalds ice cream machine. What I order on the app is sold out when I get there. I feel for you guys. I’m sure you catch hell for this stuff and I’m not even going very often.

But I’m always nice to you. I know it’s not your fault.
Excellently written letter. I was a 194xxxx that took the severance option and this is the most mentally healthy I have been since I became a partner six year ago. When Howard was at the helm, I believed in the company, I believed they cared, I was proud to wear the green apron.

But then Kevin came and it started to feel like any other corporation. Maybe he's just settling in, I thought.

More time passed. Core coffees disappeared. I don't even remember the last promotion that was actually focused on *coffee.* I barely count the cold foams, those were all about the syrups and the cold foam gimmick and were so difficult to sequence. Blonde espresso might have been the last true coffee promotion.

By the time I got bought out, Starbucks no longer felt like a coffee company. That broke my heart, my love of coffee is what helped me succeed.

I doubt Seattle will listen, but I hope they do for all current partners' sakes.
[deleted]
You did something that I wish my store manager would have done for the partners at my store for so long before I quit.... stand up for them. This is great.
Thank you for saying this. I was with Sbux for 8 long years, working six days a week. I haven’t been with the company in a while but I do still care about baristas and how they’re treated because I KNOW they don’t get paid enough to do what they’re expected to do. I wish more baristas would be outraged enough to speak up. 

I felt like a different person after I quit— I was less angry, I was no longer having stress dreams about getting screamed at on bar or at the window. It’s wonderful. #If enough people quit, they’ll be forced to acknowledge their shortcomings.
I'm gonna share this with people at corporate. Not sure how high up people will see it, but at least some might.
👏👏👏 And that is why after 8yrs I left. I ended up in a Tarbucks but that has it's own issues, mainly they don't care about Standards or food quality or safety... Only that we have the right image. I do what I can to bring those things where I'm at but it's another kind of exhausting. It's all I've known and loved for a decade but I think I'm done. My 10yr anniversary was yesterday and that was the day I started actively trying to figure out my next move. Tarbucks stores are getting hammered because the stand alones can't stay open in my area due to covid, and they won't give us extra labor or coverage but wanna try and call me in on my planned 3 day weekend because they can't plan or schedule appropriately. This is me, waving my white flag.
Thank you!!! I feel this! Managers in the mountain west region were actively telling partners not to take catastrophe leave when it was available or not telling the partners about catastrophe pay at all. Management seems more focused on drive times than the morale of the store and in some cases are actually creating drama between the baristas below them.
I think Starbucks is literally the reason people feel like they can just get whatever whenever out of life. I think Starbucks is responsible for the entitlement of the average Joe.
As a former partner (1983***), this still resonates with me. I look back on my almost 5 years at Starbucks and all I remember is the stress, anxiety, and how miserable and exhausted I felt constantly. I have carpal tunnel now from being on bar every day for my entire shift. I risked my pregnancy and had signs of early labor from working long days because I was barely making ends meet. I wasn’t allowed to lift over 10-15 pounds and was still asked to put away trucks, which I had to fight to refuse. Now on the other side of that job, I am so much happier, relaxed, energized (even with a 2 year old!) and finally not living paycheck to paycheck. Partners reading this, take care of yourselves. You can make more money with much less effort and toll on your mental health. Starbucks has declined so much in the last 5-6 years. I’m appalled when I see their menu and how complex it’s gotten, and how they’re still having happy hours during a pandemic!!!! It’s shameful and I hope they change for the sake of people who have no other choice but to work there.
this honestly made me tear up. i’ve been on LOA since it has started (surprisingly. it seems as though most people have gone back a long time ago) however when we were doing weekly conference calls and such, i’ve found myself crying with anxiety. why... should we make sure that the customers feel welcome? why should we give them “normalcy” ... why should we care SO much for them? when a lot of us are not doing so good. i’ve been with the company for over 3 years, and i’ve found myself slowly just getting depressed with this company. i love my manager, and i love my partners, but everyone higher than my SM, makes me sick. what this company has become, makes me sick. i personally cannot give my best to customers, when i’m not given the “best”. it’s so tough right now. the higher ups of starbucks, have made me HATE starbucks. and i’ve loved being a partner for so long and now it just makes me SO sad to feel and think this way.
I worked for Starbucks for 12 years. I cannot stress enough how this post resonates with me. I finally got out of my comfort zone and found a better job with just as good benefits and I am making significantly more take home. Also and a huge also is that I don't wanna drink myself to sleep everyday I come home from a shift. Congrats on leaving the company.
Thank you for posting. I feel the same way about a lot of this as a partner. It does feel like a slap in the face in general when companies come out with a bunch of mental health stuff, when they are still paying some employees in parts very low.

Mental health is a secondary when you can barely make rent/buy food and not secure physical health. I work in a store in a higher minimum wage area which I am thankful for, but many places are still greatly underpaid.
I fucking love this, thank you. I felt this on a professional and personal level. Being a shift supervisor (12/hr) we don't get paid enough to deal with half of the things that go on. Crisis management should've been in the job description. As single mother working at Starbucks trying make enough to move out the house. Stressful. On top of the push we have for drive times. Stressful.  Make the moment right. Stressful. Opening cafes while numbers are high. Stressful. Putting up those stupid ass bar guards. Stressful.  And to roll out mental health options without actually solving any of our problems. Its like here go fix yourself. And ill leave you this. In the words of my previous employer

"I don't care about your personal problems, I have a business to run"
this is how i’m quitting
This said everything I’ve ever wanted to say and more
[deleted]
I've always felt like unionizing would be in the best interest for partners, store manager level and below. I agree, while all partners seem to not be compensated fairly in the retail area, I absolutely wish I could compensate my supervisors and baristas more. ESPECIALLY my supervisors. Then maybe I could expect them to help the way Starbucks expects them to help. 

It's not fair to them that they get such a low wage.
everyone at minimum deserves a permanent $5 raise. i would have no issue dealing with the downfalls of the job at $20/hr. also, this company has absolutely zero seniority benefits. as an 8yr partner all i get is a higher percentage on vacation hours in relation to hours worked. and as an 8yr partner (6yr shift supervisor) i can’t even believe i’m only making $15/hr. all of this is so disheartening because i really love my job but they’re making it so hard to do that.
THANK YOU
beautifully written. Thank you
That was well said!!!
Thank you for speaking up, every message counts even if it doesn’t seem like it.
This was beautiful
This is amazing and so brave. Proud of you for speaking up!
Amazing, thank you so much for sharing.
Thank you so much!
Thank you so much for having the power and strength to say this—AND share it.  Power in every line.
Couldn’t of said it any better. Thank you
Thanks for sharing this.
Thank you. 🙏🏻🙌🏻💖
thank you for these words, you really speak for all of us!
Thank you for saying this. Thank you thank you thank you
Dear Kevin Johnson,

Do you care enough to acknowledge the pain and suffering that is being caused?

If you read even a portion of the comments on this sub, this is what connecting with  transparency  looks like.

It's called speaking up and challenging the status quo.
I'm not working with the company because I took option 3 but I see a lot of the issues I had with the company written down here. But thank you for saying something. I also like how responsive you are to people on this thread, hell of a lot more then the company is to their employees.
thank you so much for this. im disgusted by our company (tho not surprised bc corporate america) one of our partners is quitting soon & she is going to confront our DM & already held a convo with our SM for his behavior. its not just corporate. is systemic in the company and i hardcore appreciate you for confronting and exposing this. thank you so mych
At my store, we are experiencing one of the worst problems in our district: staffing.

We've had issues regarding staffing ever since COVID-19 began. With the recent decisions from corporate to cut labor despite how much profit we bring the company, it sickens me to see that despite the good benefits and amazing people I work with, it's still not enough for what we deal with.

Our store alone has 10+ car long lines from 5:30am-4:30pm, then from 6:30pm-9:00pm. At night, we only have usually 3 or 4 partners working, which includes the shift manager. Our times on average are about 7-8 minutes, and they get as high as 20 minutes with big orders and not a lot of people working. 

It's extremely hard not to be stressed, angry, and worn out by the end of the day when you have 4 people working lobby, mobile orders, uber eats, and our long drive lines. 

I still love the company, but there definitely are things that need to be changed. There is such a disconnect between executives, corporate, and store partners that most of the time i never feel like our best interests are taken to heart. I hope to see some upcoming changes with the company that will help partners, including enough paid time for a vacation.
I appreciate this a whole lot. There was so much thought and effort put into this letter, things I wish I knew how to say intelligibly. I was only a partner for about a year before taking the severance deal they offered. However, the mental and physical things I had to endure by being there was just so much for being paid shit. I tried to be patient and understanding and looked at the bright side. I also loved my coworkers, and I think I met some of the most genuine people from that Starbucks. However, I felt like I just could not do it anymore, so I said fuck it. I can also attest to the fact that this is a business wide issue, because stores here in Texas are the same thing.
It is really heartbreaking having watched this company rollercoaster over the decades. It is not seen favorably in Seattle so perhaps there is an added layer of disconnect happening. Whatever the case may be I have walked away as a longtime customer and after being a shift for almost a year. I rarely drink coffee at all now. My experience left a very bitter taste.

(Edit: accidental enter moment)

All the best to you on this new adventure. You survived a rough career path...food industry! Bravo!
i’m so glad someone could stand up and speak out. 

i’m an hourly worker, and never once have i been recognized for all of the crap i do for my store. all i get is yelled at and held down by the higher ups. 

my manager has admitted to me i’m the ONLY barista that receives customer compliments. i have wracked up the most in the stores history. and still i’m not even a trainer due to my anxiety. 

corporate needs to stop implementing things that don’t work. and they need to listen. and i believe if customers were made aware of our situations corporate would notice. 

thank you for this, a million times.
I have been with this company for over a year now, at the time I got hired I believed all the lies my SM told me. Now if someone asks me if it’s worth working for sbux I tell them not anymore. The company has been changing and now with covid they don’t give a damn, they only care about getting the $$$. Also it not enough that we get treated bad by customers but also by shifts supervisors.
You are my hero🥺🥺🥺🥺 I really appreciate your having done this. It means so much.
I applaud your message, and if nothing else, the public will get a little insight into the business.  

My wife works at Starbucks and I own a small business.  She works hard (as most do) but is unappreciated and far underpaid.  She is looking for a different job. 

**To the public, what I have learned from my barista wife:** 

\-If you need warm feelings & good luck, don't buy the person behind you an over-priced coffee they were going to buy anyway, tip your barista well.

\-Those crazy specialty drinks ideas on Tik Tok and Instagram? Just don't.  

\-Baristas are paid to ask your name and be nice, so no chit chat.  Smile and say thank you.  

\-Don't ever, ever, ever, add to your order at the window.  Nope, never.  Especially Egg bites and Frapps.  Never.  

\-That big wedding ring on your finger cost more than a partner makes in 6 months, being kind goes a long way. 

\-If something goes wrong with your order, don't take it personally or get frustrated.  No one is out to get you.  9 times out of 10 the baristas are having a much worse moment than you.

\-Sitting in your air condition car while listening to satellite radio and texting your friends in a long line is not a hardship.  Trying to figure out how to buy food and still pay your rent is.  

&#x200B;

 "Love and kindness are never wasted. They always make a difference. They bless the one who receives them, and they bless you, the giver."  
\-Barbara de Angelis
thank you <33
I hope that you've cross posted your OP on Twitter. It would be good to spread the word.
U/IGoToADifferentSchoo .. you should definitely post this on the Starbucks corporate Facebook page! Please! This needs to be seen and heard by everyone!
They know all of that already. The issue is the shareholders. They will always want more. We need a UNION!
You could copy and paste this to my managers in retail right now. This is a societal problem.
You dropped this... 👑
I agreed with every word in this. I've worked at Starbucks for almost a year now and I constantly work my ass off for $9.50 an hour. Thanks for sharing ❤️
You're fighting the good fight, glad to hear you put in your two weeks. 

Life is too short. I wish you the best.
Part of my degree was an intro to management (in an IT degree? weird). A big thing they stressed, and a project in the class, was to create a company charter, values, and code of ethics. I believe you covered it very succinctly in the failure that has occurred from the top. 

I support a licensed store, but I’ve been reading things here for quite some time, and it’s apparent that leadership has failed to uphold the values and culture for a while now.
As a shift lead, I’m getting pressure from all angles and I’m get anxiety just on the way to work. I got customer screaming at me because my baristas aren’t going fast enough and most of the time I’m on bar with them. I got baristas coming to me sayings the stress is too much or just hate me for leaving them on bar all day because we have no help. Than I got district managers and managers coming at me to get our customers connection score up with no labor.... at what point do I just say enough is enough? I don’t want to look else where because I’m starting ASU but damn it’s getting hard.
this is the most supportive and constructive reddit post i’ve ever seen. a few weeks ago i got into it with a store manager in a sbux fb group. a lot of people were saying they felt unheard and uncared for. she was angrily replying to people in the thread that starbucks let her buy a house and she only chooses people who are hardcore and give up things to be on her “team” and everyone complaining couldn’t “hack it” and needed to go work elsewhere. she made me so angry. i told her she was parroting corporate cultspeak and not saying anything about the mental health or treatment of her partners as human beings and i’m sure they didn’t care about being hardcore while the company sent her to chicago to watch john legend sing while they worked the floor on their feet to claw at survival. she blocked me. but she’s not the only one. it makes me tired and sad that so many of us would rather align ourselves to a corporation than stand with each other for better conditions.
Kevin doesn’t care about store partners! Corporate thinks that they are running the whole thing, but they are actually messing the whole thing for baristas and managers. What a shame! There are barista positions throughout the city that offer the same pay as supervisors at Starbucks. Fella like I’ll be leaving soon as well. When I just started working here I was so happy!! And now the corporate made me hate the company!
Very very well worded. Thank you for being so eloquent in your delivery.
Serious question, do you think he’ll read the entire thing? This was a bit lengthy even for me. Genuinely curious if people will listen to hundreds of words of criticism when they don’t actually intend to change anything.
This letter puts all of my thoughts into a nice clear and concise message. I'm a 211\*\*\*\* partner, have gone from SSV to SM (and back down) in the last 5 years. I only lasted 8 months as an SM before the stress caused me to step down.  


I came to Starbucks from Target Starbucks back when Target closed in Canada. La Boulange had just launched as I started and the message was immediately "food is all that matters now".  Food UPH and waste became the most important metrics. My district wouldn't accept anything less than a 40 UPH, and I know many SSVs that bought some of the waste towards the end of the night to help both of those numbers. SM's would buy cream cheese to increase UPH, SM's were ringing through cookies instead of a grande coffee since they were the same price.   


From there, customer connection became the ONLY goal. A lot of the team at my store is every introverted and the need to CONNECT has become insane. Not everyone wants to have a full blown conversation with the person making their coffee. It's mentally draining to talk to people all day long, and there are plenty of customers that don't even want to talk to us.   


Uber still isn't factored into our labour (in Canada at least), so stores that do a high percentage of Uber don't even get the extra labour to account for that.   


We are consistently understaffed, and the block scheduling isn't helping that at all. My store is a staff of 14 partners. We are all exhausted at this point and we miss each other. It makes no sense that I have to look outside of my store to find coverage when there are partners at my store looking for hours that I'm not allowed to give them because they are in the other block.   


Canada just launched the Life Works app which is meant to be a health aid helping with mental, physical, work, financial, and social health. Sound pretty great right? Except to use it, you have to share all data it collects with Starbucks. Things like this are a slap in the face. There are partners that really need these resources and Starbucks is holding it in front of them like a carrot to a horse and telling us to give up our privacy to be able to use this "benefit".

&#x200B;

Stop giving us aid in the guise of helping us. Help us by giving us more labour and giving us realistic expectations.
lol a partner from the NYC roastery literally posted a long letter from a partner who quit detailing microaggressions among other issues with management along with photos of disgusting things that wouldn't be fixed by management and his heartfelt response was to tell that partner to call PRSC :") I think he ended up meeting up with the person who posted it but not the person who QUIT.  Just like how corporate met up with the guy who posted the petition for us to be paid a living wage but ultimately did absolutely nothing. They just like to give the illusion of it so that we won't unionize or give them any more bad press. :") He is well aware of the issues within his company, he just lacks the leadership to actually back up the partner promise with actions instead of good feelings :"))) If u all saw their corporate offices and the amenities all of the corporate employees have access to you would know how much money we truly have to blow on dumbass shit but not to pay partners a living wage. (((((((:
I am Sorry you feel that way.

However I really disagree with your statement.

I am a Canadian partner, in Alberta, and I am so beyond proud to work for this company. I am a university student and I work here full time for the summer and before classes during the school year and weekends

Sure there a few bad apples who wreck some things and make it not so great some days.
Overall this company and everything they stand for has wowed me from my very first day.

My leaders always seem to find a way to make things right if a concern is brought up, and always seem to be fair in their treatment and make expectations clear.

Again I’m really sorry to hear that your experience hasn’t been exceptional but I always brag to my friends that I work for such an amazing and forward thinking company
This message, as well as the other replies in this thread, sum things up perfectly. I've been extra exhausted and depressed lately because of work, but knowing so many others share my sentiments makes me feel less alone at least.
Things are so bad at my store that no one gets a break even after working 8+ hour shifts, I don’t even have coverage to go to the bathroom, I peed my pants on the floor during a shift and my manager showed up the next day long enough so me the shift and my barista we only ever have two people working at night could take a break, this happened the day after and never again
Well written-best wishes as you go forward💫💫💫💫
Did he ever answer? Of course not. He’s too busy collecting that bonus, cutting our labor, and sitting his ass at home.
You really told him hahahaha, go get a real job instead of selling coffee.
Of course. I hope that this blows up and is acknowledged by partners. 

Am not expecting much however, let alone a response from Seattle.

Thank you for what you do. 

I’m proud of everyone who shows up on a daily basis and delivers the best they can.
209**** here. So I’m not exaggerating when I say this... but before I came back to Starbucks after having my little girl, I got paid nearly double what I get paid now and I was doing literally a 1/4 of the work I currently do. Obviously the flexibility and working only 20 hrs/week for benefits was a large draw for me. But after being rehired for a year and a half, I have officially put in my two weeks because it is no longer worth the stress on my physical and mental health. The part that makes me sad is that I used to love and believe in this company so, so much.

Edit: a sentence that didn’t make sense
Thank you, I appreciate the comment and your story. Thank you for sharing. 

Congratulations on finding a job you’re more passionate about. 

That’s half the battle and I can’t say I’ve felt that here for quite some time now.
I can second this. I was a shift, miserable, and on track to be a manager. Then, I had the realization that a manager is just a barista with more responsibilities. Did I really want that?

I left to take a management job elsewhere, and now have a good paying desk job where I don’t have to deal with customers or make drinks and, man, I’m just so much happier now.

I was a film major, and felt like I wasn’t qualified to do anything but food service. Two years later, I know what held me back was me.

You can quit, you can improve your life. You just gotta take that first step.
I left Starbucks over 3 years ago. I work in another field now. I get paid multiple times more for little to no stress.

I have worked customer service jobs before Starbucks and while the compensation was lower at those jobs, the stress pales in comparison to Starbucks.

Thinking back, I am utterly shocked and disgusted with the compensation : stress ratio at Starbucks. Reiterating: quit your jobs, find a new one, anywhere else is better.
wait, uploading your resume on Indeed actually works? i keep getting prompted to do that but haven't cuz i'm worried a bunch of shit companies will message me
Just curious, does your particular position at the tech company not involve CS or did you start an apprenticeship?
I worked at Starbucks for almost 5 years before I was blessed with the opportunity to quit. I was a 1983*** partner. I started a family and never came back. Decided to stay home for almost 2 more years, and then a small town coffeeshop management job basically fell into my lap. I feel so grateful to have a job that I finally love, that I look forward to going into, that I can be creative and actually connect with customers rather than feeling like a machine and seeing them as basically transactions. There is better out there. You deserve it, and you will find it.
and going off this, one doesn’t even have to leave food service or customer service to find a job that pays more. i mean target just announced they’re starting all employees at minimum $15/hour & others are beginning to do the same. starbucks is going to find themselves left behind sooner rather than later if they continue this way
I was working on a sunday morning shift, talking to a regular, he offered me to make double in an office job; didn't even think about it just quit
A feeling I’ve definitely felt. On a related note, how did you end up in CS?
PREACH.
I got a job at a gas station making $12/hr which is like $2 more hourly than i was making and i get a $100 monthly gas allowance as a perk which is hella better than free drinks. It’s locally owned, my manager, company president, ceo, etc are all caring individuals and they’ve been giving out monthly bonuses to their employees that amount to almost $300 a month. They have a partnership with a local social work type company to help our customers who are homeless and need help. It’s not my career path that i want or have studied my ass off for but it’s something. Maybe when corona is over i can go into aviation but not for a bit.
one of my coworkers quit and got an entry level job at a bank, no degree. making twice what we do, 40 hour weeks, weekends and holidays off, PTO, benefits, chairs to sit in, the works. it really chaps my ass when people can’t see that there is better out there and go “nobody would treat us better than starbucks!” stop being silly, MANY companies can and would.
This is a nice general sentiment for most people but I can garuntee I am absolutely Not worth more and I really have no skills so uh...I'ma just chill here for a bit. Sucks, but I need money I guess to live :s
Idk why, I didn't even ask to be here lol/cries
No, please. We stand stronger together, and management had a vested interest in making us believe we are not united. I encourage you to share this with every partner that you know who shares *our* sentiments.
Oh my god. Im also a shift and did the same thing on the hub. My dm also came to my store and talked to me. When i tried to defend myself she told me i had an “attitude”. Im glad people are speaking up now.
Starbucks in my area have become revolving doors for new partners. Our retention is terrible, and we can’t seem to create the culture to help them stay. It doesn’t help that training isn’t much more than a crash course now, and that they are expected to be fully functioning baristas with so little time. 

I’m sorry that your experience was tarnished, but I’m also glad that you are taking a glimpse at what it’s like on our side. I wish more customers would do that. 

I appreciate you sharing your experience, thank you. 

Please be safe and take care.
Honestly wish more of the Starbucks customer base had your mentality. A little bit of understanding can go a long way on our side of the counter! Thank you for being the awesome human you are 😊
Thank you. If you know anyone who would benefit from reading this, please share. I would like more partners to be empowered to speak up.
Not to mention the environmental ethical questions that can be brought up.
Thank you for sharing your feelings. 

I know I’m summarizing what many of my peers think, and more importantly, feel. 

I am summarizing what I have heard from partners in my area. 

Might I encourage you to share this with anyone who might listen?
Jesus. Our shift supervisors make more than that here. I’m sorry that this has been your experience. 

At this point, I think the puppy mill coffee shop is called a...

“Starbucks.”
Thank you for your reply. 

Unfortunately that is partially why I am leaving. I did not have support in supporting my partners.

I wish you well, and hope that the quality of your managers improves.
Thank you.
Thank you for showing up and being your best self. When they introduced Lyra and Headspace I had such mixed feelings. On the one hand, I applaud them for tackling such difficult topics. 

On the other hand, they need to be made aware of how many of our problems come from being underpaid, overworked, and emotionally exhausted from delivering the expected experience. 

I’m proud of you for your accomplishments. 

Take care friend, be safe.
Yes. All of the yes. It never ceases to amaze me how exactly politics and favoritism are demonstrated. I have some stories I could share, but I’d rather not dox myself. 

I hope you’ve since found something better friend.
No, that is absolutely true. None of the shift supervisors do. I remember the push for store managers to delegate our “buckets” from the SM approach. I had difficulty given how little time already exists in the day for the bare essentials of daily operations, let alone adding store manager responsibilities. The worse part was that it was suggested we delegated our admin time, of which we also had too little of. 

Please feel free to share this with anyone you think might need to read it. I’d like partners to know that they’re not alone, and stand stronger together. 

Please be safe and take care.
I thought the same thing, and they were less honest with me and the current ASMs in our district. I was told 40-45 hours was reasonable and achievable. That has absolutely never been the case. I do t know how I pulled through for six years. I’ve consistently pulled between 50 and 80 hour weeks depending on what the crisis of the week was. In the beginning I actually believed in Starbucks, as well as the mission and values. It wasn’t so bad pulling those hours when the *mission* was noble. 

It hasn’t been that way for a few years now. I’m not passionate. I don’t believe in the culture that’s emerging. 

Thank you for sharing your story, and please share this with anyone who may need to read it. We stand stronger together. 

Please be safe, and take care.
Oh man, thank you for sharing. Your experience, quite frankly, sucks. I often worry about what our customer base will say to my non-white partners. I’ve had to ask customers to leave in the past. It’s a shame that Starbucks waits for public backlash to actual affect any change. Please feel free to share this post with any partners who share our sentiments. I’d like people to know they’re not alone. We stand stronger together. 

By the way, I would totally watch your ted talk. 

Be safe and take care.
I’m in exactly the same boat. I’ve maintained the partner experience to my bitter end, but it’s become impossible at this point. Whatever is next for me, I’ll bring what I’ve learned here over the last six years to my next endeavors.
I’m sorry to see that experience go. I remember reading Your First 90, and one of the pieces of advice that I’ve found incredibly valuable over the years is to look for the people who have been around the longest to learn about the company’s culture and history. It seems like there are significantly fewer now than there was when I started. 

Thank you for sharing your experience, I appreciate all viewpoints shared. 

Enjoy your day!
I cannot agree more. As a shift, I had a manager who always made sure I had enough hours to take care of myself. I was able to live on my own and not stress about paying rent and I could even buy clothing without worrying about what bill that money was being taken from. Then they transferred in a new manager who was working towards DM, cut all the shift hours (I went from 38/39 a week to 24 and my last week before I transferred, she forgot to schedule me). With COVID, I tried to take the LOA, but they wouldn’t let me because I’m one of the few shifts willing to open. I was promised full time, so I was willing to forego getting unemployment that was DOUBLE what I make full time. So now, here I am. Moving back into my mother’s house because I don’t trust Starbucks to promote me when I’m ready (I feel ready now, but that’s besides the point). And I don’t trust Starbucks to give me and my fellow shifts/baristas consistent enough hours and even then it’s hard for most people because of how low the pay is

EDIT: I forgot to add that I never got the full time hours that they promised
>I never set out to build a global business. I set out to build the kind of company that my father never had a chance to work for. One that treats all people with dignity. 

>The image of my father immobile on the couch, after his accident, stayed with me. So did the fear of not having healthcare. Not long after he passed away, in 1988, Starbucks became one of the first companies in America to give health insurance to all its employees—including part-time workers, a benefit that was unheard of at the time, especially in retail.

> As a kid, I also knew what it felt like not to have money. My parents never owned anything, or had any savings. In 1991, Starbucks became the only company we knew about to give stock ownership to all employees. We called it Bean Stock. Since its inception in 1991—and after Starbucks went public in 1992—Bean Stock has generated more than $1.5 billion in pre-tax gains for the company’s baristas and managers, helping some put down payments on homes, finance cars, pay off loans, even pay for weddings.

A story directly from [Howard Schultz’s website. ](https://www.howardschultz.com/my-story/#beginnings) If this were true, then it’s disgusting. The bean stock doesn’t pay for anything anymore, and partners can’t afford to hold onto it long enough for it to be worth something. Like I said in my message, food on the table and rent paid is significantly important. 

There is absolutely no way that his family as described could have gotten a leg up with the opportunities available to partners now. 

I hope you share this with former partners. Thank you for sharing your story. 

Please be safe and take care.
Thank you for sharing your story, your struggle doesn’t seem uncommon unfortunately. I hope that you find something less stressful. This job is no longer worth the stress. And if you know anyone else struggling please share this with them. I’d like every partner hurting to know they aren’t alone. We stand stronger together. 

Please be safe and take care.
“Be the leaders the world needs,” I believe was the quote from the Summit.

Starbucks leadership is not living up to their own challenge they issued us. 

Don’t sell yourself short. Do you think you are being paid fairly to be the representative for your store manager when they are not in the store?

Do you think baristas are paid fairly for what is happening not only in the world, but what they do regardless of COVID?

Shift supervisor is a misnomer. You do not simply supervise the shift. You *lead* the store when the store manager is not there. 

Power to you for showing up and doing your best. I’m proud of you.
I’m so sorry to hear that this was your experience. This isn’t what we should be striving for. Honest coaching and feedback should have been given at some point. “Connecting with transparency, decency, and respect.”

I’m glad that you’ve found something better. 

If you know anyone who needs to hear this, please share. I’d like partners to know they’re not alone. We stand stronger together. 

Be safe and take care friend.
There are dozens of us! Dozens! I’m glad you’re getting out. Thank you for reading, and if you know any fellow store managers who need to read this, please share. I want partners to know they’re not alone. 

Be safe and take care friend!
We certainly do catch hell for this kind of stuff. Thank you for taking a look at what it’s like on our side, and as a soon to be former partners, I wish more customers were understanding like you. 

Please be safe and take care my friend.
I agree with your doubt. My hope isn’t strictly that they’ll listen, but that partners feel more empowered to speak up. To share this post their partners and former partners. 

I’m sorry that this was how you bowed out. I wish you nothing but the best on your future endeavors. 

Be safe and take care.
Interesting. It’s almost like he doesn’t value the people who actually give him the ability to play golf.  

Please feel free to share this. I want anyone else who might know Kevin to not feel alone in their distaste. We stand stronger together. 

Be safe and take care.
Sounds like Kevin needs to spend a day or two in the shoes of a barista.   


"Here's the list of things to get done - I need you to clean the bar area for today's station assessment, check the restock station because we've been busy since open, and cover Bob's break.  Oh, you're alone on bar, you need to manage mobile, cafe, Uber, warming, and brew coffee because there's only two of us right now and I'm planted on till because COVID. Don't forget to connect!"
If you know anyone still who needs to hear this, please share so they know they’re not alone. 

I hope after you left you’ve found better opportunities. 

Thank you for sharing, and take care. Be safe.
That’s what I’m hoping for. Stronger together. I’m glad that you got out, and I hope your life quality had improved. 

Please be safe and take care friend.
Thank you, I appreciate every little bit of recognition that this gets. My main goal is to let partners know that they are not alone. We stand stronger together.
I’m sorry that’s your experience. After reading about our licensed store partner experiences and knowing that we partnered with Nestle, it’s becoming very clear Starbucks is caring less and less about its brand integrity. 

Thank you for sharing your experience. 

I hope that whatever comes next for you is fulfilling. 

If you know anyone who needs to know they aren’t alone, please feel free to share this. We stand stronger together. 

Take care and be safe!
My former SM was one of those awful managers you mentioned. Only cared about DT times and actively spread gossip/rumors to turn baristas against each other. He was a power hungry child. I wanted to be a store manager and tried for 2 years before I realized I was the donkey and the position was a carrot on a stick dangled in front of me. I quit after I gave birth and never looked back. Now my anxiety is so much better and I don’t regret leaving at all.
I was in the awkward predicament of helping partners determine their best option as well as well as managing what the store needed. I was transparent that when the recalls began, I couldn’t guarantee what store they would be recalled to. Most chose to stay and work through. That being said, I also know that it was not the best option for all of my partners, and felt absolutely terrible that I knew that they had to choose.

If you know anyone who needs to hear any of those, please share it with them. We stand stronger together. 

Be safe and take care friend.
I’m so happy for you! Congratulations! This job is completely unnecessarily stressful and taxing physically and mentally, and I’m so excited that you found a way out. Please be safe and take care!
Thank you for sharing your story. I’m sorry that this is your experience, and it’s really disheartening to know this is such a wide spread issue. I hope that you share this with some of your partners to show that you’re all not alone. We stand stronger together. 

Please be safe and take care my friend.
Thank you for reading! It’s sad how many people have had this experience. I’m sure I sound like an old guard, “Back in my day!”

But we keep pretending that it’s like it was in the old day. 

I’m so happy for you that you’ve found something better. 

Please be safe and take care friend.
Absolutely. Making mental health a subject we can discuss was certainly brave, except they never seemed have thought about *why* mental health was such an issue for partners. 

If you know anyone who needs to read this, please feel free to share. I want as many partners as possible to know that they’re not alone. 

Be safe and take care friend.
I’m sorry this has been your experience. Shift supervisors are not even remotely prepared for the stress that we place upon them, and the pay doesn’t even begin to reflect what the expectations are.

Please feel free to share this with anyone who needs to read it. I want to make sure partners know they aren’t alone. We stand stronger together. 

Please be safe and take care.
Tweet it. Facebook it. Share it with all the partners who you know are disgruntled. We stand stronger together. 

Be safe and take care my friend.
Please feel free to share it with anyone who needs to hear it! My main goal is to let partners know that they are not alone. We stand stronger together. Be safe and take care my friend.
I've given up on trying to reason. It was brought to my attention that Kevin Johnson will make $3,500,000 dollars this year, even with the labor cuts. I strongly doubt that he can be reasoned with without unity from partners. My goal shifted over the course of the day to make sure that partners don't feel alone, and they they know they can stand together.

I miss the days that we would make french presses and do coffee tastings with our customers. Sampling with complementary pastries. I miss the days that we had three closers so we had the time to shoot the shit with our guests. 

We spend ten percent less on labor than other businesses in our industry. I too often wonder what we could do with even five percent more.

Please feel free to share this post with anyone who might need to know that they are not alone. Seeing so many partners distressed is so concerning and it breaks my heart. Please be safe and take care friend.
Absolutely. There should be two unions. Hourly partners and store managers. Shift supervisors labor is worth so much more than we are giving them credit for, and they're all too scared to stand together and demand more. Especially when it's not difficult to get a better paying job with the skill set that they have.

Please feel free to share this with any of them that need to know they're not alone. All partners stand stronger together. 

Be safe and take care my friend.
You're probably not earning much more than what an entry level shift supervisor makes either, and have absolutely no bargaining power. I am sorry that you're going through this. I felt much the same way. I absolutely believe in Starbucks' mission and values. I do not believe in Starbucks.

I hope you find something that makes you happy and pays more.

Please be safe and take care.
No no no, THANK YOU
Thank you for showing up and doing what you do.
Thank you friend! Might I encourage you to share this with everyone who shares our sentiment?

We need to stand together on these issues and we may be able to push Starbucks into action.
Thank you. It was terrifying, but all of this support has been fantastic. 

Might I ask you to share this with everyone who needs to hear that they are not alone?

We stand strongest together.
Thank you. I appreciate everyone commenting and sharing their opinions. 

Please feel free to share this with anyone who needs to know they’re not alone. 

We stand stronger together. 

Take care and be safe friend.
Thank you! I think I only found the bravery because I know I’m leaving. Please feel free to share this with anyone who may need to hear this in the hope it inspires them to speak up. We stand stronger together. 

Be safe and take care!
Thank you for reading. If you know anyone who needs to hear this please share. We stand stronger together. 

Be safe out there and take care friend.
Thank you for reading! If you know anyone who needs to know they’re not alone, please feel free to share. We all stand stronger together. 

Be safe and take care friend.
Thank you for reading it! I appreciate every single person who made it through. Please feel free to share this with anyone who may need to read it. I’d like partners to know that they’re not alone. We stand stronger together. 

Please be safe and take care.
Thank you for taking the time to read it. If it resonated with you, please share it with any partners who may need to know they’re not alone. We stand stronger together. 

Take care and be safe.
Thank you for taking the time to read it! If you know anyone who needs to know they aren’t alone, please share this. There are now plenty of testimonials to show that none of us who are disenfranchised are alone. We stand stronger together. 

Please be safe and take care.
Thank you for reading! I appreciate your time. If you know any partners who are struggling, please feel free to share. There are enough stories here now for anyone struggling to know they’re not alone. We stand stronger together. 

Please be safe and take care!
Thanks for reading!!! Please feel free to share this with anyone struggling. Lots of people have shared their stories and their side of the Starbucks Experience that any partner can know they’re not alone. We stand stronger together. 

Please be safe and take care!
Of course. Thank you for reading it! If you know anyone who shares our sentiment please please share with them! Help them know they are not alone. We stand stronger together. 

Be safe and take care friend!
Preach. I’m glad to see so many partners connecting transparently and honestly here. It’s a beautiful thing. I hope if you know anyone who’s struggling that you share this to show them they are not alone. We stand stronger together. 

Be safe and take care friend.
Thank you. I figured if I’m going to talk the talk I should be able to walk the walk. Please, if you know anyone who still works for the company and is disenfranchised, share this with them. I hope that we can help struggling partners know they are not alone. 

Be safe and take care friend.
Thank you for taking the time to read this and respond. I’m sorry that this is your experience, and you’ve hit the nail on the head. One of the final bastions of semi-ethical companies has now sunk. If you know any partners who could benefit from reading this, please feel free to share. I’d like partners to know that they are not alone. We stand stronger together. 

Be safe and take care.
I’m so sorry this is your experience, and the drive thrus in my district are going through the exact same scenario. It’s absolutely terrible, the revolving door that a lot of our stores can be, and how there is so little help in fixing that. 

Thank you for sharing your story, and I encourage you to share this post with more partners so they know they are not alone in their experience. We stand stronger together. 

Be safe and take care.
Thank you for sharing your story. It’s breaking my heart that this is experienced all over the country. I’m happy for you taking the package though, the stress is absolutely not worth it. 

Please be safe and take care my friend.
Thank you, and same to you. I hope for nothing but the best in your future. Be safe and take care of yourself.
Thank you for showing up and being the best that you can be. I'm proud of everyone who delivers their very best. I hope that you get some of the deserved recognition, but I can relate. The progress made never measures up the moving goalpost. 

Please share this with any other partners who may need to know that they're not alone. Partners will stand stronger together.

Be safe and take care.
I feel disingenuous every time I perform a first sips. I know that none of it runs true experientially. I don't think I would recommend anyone take a job here in the future unless they are absolutely desperate enough for a bachelor's degree that they're willing to risk their physical and mental health. 

Please share this with any partners who share your sentiment to help them know they are not alone. There has been over a hundred responses to this thread that share a wide variety of experiences. I'd like partners to know they stand stronger together.

Be safe and take care of yourself.
Thank you. For showing up and doing what you do. 

Please share this with anyone you can think of who might care. 

Maybe if this gains traction, the company will pay attention.
I actually do not have a Twitter. However, if you know how to make a post and gain traction, I am all ears and highly encourage anyone who does have a Twitter to tweet this.
I’d love to, but I’d rather not dox myself. Please feel free to, however!
Please feel free to. I encourage people to speak up regarding their working conditions. Nothing will change if people don't stand up against what is holding them back. Feel free to share this with anyone you now as well. Customers and partners alike should know what is going on internally.

Be safe and take care of yourself friend.
Hahaha, thank you, thank you. 

Please be safe and take care of yourself during these difficult times.
No, thank you for showing up and doing your best. Please feel free to share this with any partners you know who need to know that they are not alone. 

Partners will stand stronger togoether.

Be safe and take care.
Thank you. Same to you. Be safe and take care.
I have no expectations that they will change. My hope initially was that maybe this would gain traction, but really it's become a mission to make sure that partners don't feel alone and that there are better options out there for them. 

Please take care and be safe friend.
I'm so sorry. This isn't what the company should or could be. You shouldn't be experiencing this. I am calling it, I cannot deal with it as a store manager anymore. Ultimately you have do decide if the college education is worth it for you (which it very well may be, it's a pathway out of entry level positions). 

Please feel free to share this with your partners to see that none of us are alone. We stand stronger together.

Be safe and take care my friend.
Preach! It frustrates me to no end that I see store managers and above able to do things like buy houses, cars, have families, but my hourly partners can't even afford rent some months if the customers don't tip well on any given week. I don't want middle management to make less, I want the hourly partners to make more. I want Kevin Johnson to acknowledge that he's not paying attention.

I don't expect any of that to happen though. My only hope from all of this is that partners realize they're not alone, and make steps toward standing stronger together.

Please be safe and take care friend.
Thank you for taking the time to read. If you know anyone who shares this sentiment and could afford to know they’re not alone, please feel free to share. We stand stronger together. 

Please be safe and take care.
I strongly doubt it. He makes $3,500,000 a year between salary and assets. My goal was originally to hopefully change the direction the company is headed, but as the day went on it shifted to helping partners know that they are not alone in their suffering. Partners stand stronger together. If you know anyone who needs to know that they are not alone, please share this with them. 

be safe and take care of yourself friend.
I don't blame you for stepping down. When I was promoted, I was told that the average work week was 40-45 hours, and that most stores were operationally sound and staffed well. It has been my experience that that is absolutely almost never the case. 

I remember the push for 30% of our revenue coming from food, and I remember a few of us hit that with no recognition. Shortly after, it was completely forgotten by the company and shareholders both. 

I also remember that we didn't actually change any of our systems to make that happen. IMS was still a nightmare, our reporting system was still a nightmare, and we were also expected to keep waste in line. I agreed with everything individually, but it was difficult to grow food without taking any risks. If you did, your waste would go up and BOOM you were having a stern conversation.

And again, I don't blame the company for chasing customer connection. A higher customer connection is historically linked to making more money on both the average ticket and number of customers. The tools necessary to earn that connection never showed up. Labor didn't increase for us to spend time with customers. We weren't being paid anymore for the drastic increase in expectation. There was no understanding that different store's customer base responded differently to our partners.

Every new benefit we offer addresses the results of their actions without actually paying partners for the increased workload that only climbs every year.

I hope that you find something better friend, and please feel free to share this with other partners who are struggling like so many who commented here.

Partners will stand stronger together.
I agree wholeheartedly. They continue to say they're listening so partners don't stand together. Enough believe in the company that those who don't can't stand united. Please feel free to share this post with anyone who needs to know that they're not alone. Partners stand stronger together.

Be safe and take care my friend.
I am genuinely happy for you that you're proud of Starbucks. I wish that after my six years and list of bad experiences I could even remotely believe in the company. Maybe you're management team will climb higher and change how things are done! Or maybe it's different because you're in Canada?

Please be safe and take care friend.
Please share this with everyone who shares your sentiment! I would like partners to know that they're not alone. You'll stand stronger together.

Be safe and take care friend.
Wow I thought trolls lived under bridges, but I guess under a post counts too👀
You can’t shame a service you simultaneously use. Remember that next time you order ANYTHING in a public place.
As a barista that has been working here for a while, I thank you for this. 

Our store pumps out as many drinks and food as we possibly can but our window times rarely go below 1:00 on average. We're made to feel like this is our fault when we don't have enough people on the floor...  You want us to be as fast as McDonald's? Then get us lamps for sandwhiches so we don't have to heat them up to order. Get rid of overly complicated drinks. Let us tell customers no. You don't care about quality. You care about speed and profit. STOP pretending. 

It's bullshit. Being on call on our day off without compensation is a new thing now too, apparently.
I am a shift supervisor who literally put my two weeks in today. for the exact reasons you put in here. Where can I send a message like you’ve done. (Who also just got off of a shift with a 4 person play on a Saturday) my thousand yard stare says it all.

Edit: fixed grammar

Edit 2: if you’re wondering I didn’t just leave with no plan I’ve been actively looking for jobs and found another job in a management position with appropriate pay.
I’m sorry that this has been your experience. You are exactly the sort of partner we should be looking for, however you are the exact sort of partner that won’t thrive at Starbucks. 

Out of curiosity, if Starbucks had a little more labor and a little more in pay, would you have considered staying?
Our experience at Starbucks opens significantly more doors than we give ourselves credit for. To often we act solitary and scared. For anyone reading this, know that your experience at Starbucks translates to a wide variety of fields. Most importantly, you have experience delivering world class customer service, which is not something most places can teach.
What is your desk job?
I’m so glad you found something better paying and less stressful. My next post should probably be how simple Indeed is to use.
Oh hell yes it does. Make sure it’s professional, share your skills, and take the assessments. It will list jobs according to your searches. Most places are as easy as submitting your resume, asking you to fill out an application after your interview.
That’s beautiful. I’m so glad you found the genuine experience that we’re failing to create.
I absolutely love your username.
God speed to you I hope you your work ethic and ideals are appreciated. o7
> I wish more customers would do that.

That's why I pass on what I learn about on here.  Might not change someone's mind about getting that latte, but at least they've been told.

Hope all works out for the best. :)
Working customer service for over 10 years has a something to do with how I treat anyone in that field, I don't care where you work or what you do.  The rest is my parents teaching me to be a decent human being lol.  

I have a feeling that the worst customers we hear about are people who have never been on the other side of the counter, phone, desk, whatever.  

I really miss what sbux used to be, because I enjoyed the rapport I had with those baristas and really makes you feel part of that neighborhood.  I've gotten sappy in my old age lol.

Hope you're having a good day. :)
You're welcome. 

I would like more partners to speak up as well. 

I hope that happens but in the end, the company will do whatever it wants regardless of who speaks up or how many speak up.

The day will come though that Starbucks will be held to account in one way or another.
Our partnership with Nestle is morally reprehensible. We entered that knowing what Nestle has done and continues to do. We may as well stop advertising CAFE practices and remove ethically sourced coffee from our First Sips digital book.
I will definitely do that. I have a few friends who work at other stores in the area who feel similarly. I’ll pass it along 👌🏻
Well it's because I work in a grocery store Starbucks. Which is a whole nother kettle of fish.

We are required to do all the same Starbucks training as corporate. We have the same menu. Same everything. Because if we don't follow it we can get hit with non compliance. But we get paid what our store decides. Not Starbucks. 

Also we don't get any of the benefits of working at Starbucks. None of the programs. No stock options. No partner numbers, discounts, mark outs, coffee. None of it. We don't even get a free coffee per shift(although that's why I have 2000 stars every 3 months).

And yet in a lot of cases are just as busy and yet understaffed and under payed. A normal play call is 4 people in the 4 main positions. We mostly have 2 people all day with a 3rd for a few hours. So bar position also does customer support and register does support. So...super overworked.

Edit: and on top of that corporate Starbucks locations like to shit on us like we aren't a real Starbucks. If you had any idea how often I've heard "you aren't a real starbucks". Or had people make fun of my customers for coming to the fake Starbucks. The only thing we don't have that you guys have is nitro cold brew. That's it. Everything is the same here.
The head space thing and that "mental health training" made me, someone who has a couple mental health disorders, absolutely incensed. A meditation app will help fix my anxiety, depression, and ADHD, sure Jan. It felt so condescending.
Thank you for your support! I do plan on sharing this. I’m apart of the Midwest area and I can confirm it’s the same here too.
You are a beautiful human being. I hope that life brings you a great opportunity to work in an environment of positive energy and endless support. 

You’re wonderful! 
Take care as well :)
That is so rough, the experience is highly dependent on what store and manager you have. It sounds like you go screwed every which way in this situation. Best of luck if you do decide to move up in the company, but I know the promotion process can be frustrating. Hang in there!
The Bean stock grants are an accounting scheme. The partners never get the full amounts, because of the way they vest.

It takes 2 years, for the full amount to vest. If the partner leaves before it vests, they don't get it. Meaning, they will never get the full amount, because there is always a portion that is one year out waiting to vest.

It's a carrot before the horse, that the horse will never get.
And that's why we appreciate this so much.  I thought I was alone for so long until I talked with my coworkers in my store and then I got online and found an even bigger community who feels the same way.  Blessings to you and your future endeavors.
Your point about the term shift supervisor being a misnomer is well taken. 

If the manager is not in the store, the shift supervisor becomes the de facto store manager, certainly not in title, but in function.
I passed this on to some of the current partners I'm close to.

And thank you, even though I wanted to leave this wasn't how I wanted to do it. I hope you find a job where you are happy and valued
Know that a lot of people even in corporate are on your side, unfortunately just not the ones in charge.
I’m so happy for you! For both the kid and leaving!
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Thank you, you take care too. It's a really stressed job I agree with you and how it's hard paying for rent and putting food on the table :( :(
im definitely going to be sharing this. and you as well 💚
You be safer, and good fortunes wherever your next paycheck comes from! :D
I'll see what i can do...
I don’t get why you could post it on reddit and send it to Kevin, but you can’t post it on Facebook. It should be you who posts it on there since it is your letter..
Bless up friend!
Welcome to reddit, it seems you haven’t been welcomed appropriately. 💯
It consistently blows my mind what the expectations are without being given the tools to succeed. I am consistently amazed at what my partners can accomplish, yet somehow it isn’t enough at the same time. 

We need to either challenge ourselves to be the company we see ourselves as, or become honest about what we are. 

Every first sips I complete with a new partner feels like a lie.
I used to work at McDonald’s. We had 7-8 people in the kitchen during Friday dinner. 3 people on DT.  2 on front counter. And 2 people running food. That’s how they hit their targets (which are similar to ours) We can’t do it with how little staff we have. 

I work in a cafe, and we constantly have customers staring us down because they’re waiting for drinks. This morning I was running with 4 people, and both sticker printers didn’t stop at any point. We can’t keep up and we are drained.
> Let us tell customers no.

Can you imagine a world in which Starbucks did this?
On call on days off??? If that happened in my district I would probably quit.
Being on call? Like a Dr? Then you better get paid like one.
> Being on call on our day off without compensation is a new thing now too, apparently.

It's not.
Recently (yesterday) I had a bizarre experience with my SM who was working on the floor micromanaging me about the specific sentences I use when interacting with customers at DTO. Apparently the highly specific phrasing she wants us to use is supposed to bring down DTO times since we (lol) can’t bring down our DTR times enough. 

All I’m saying is I felt like a depressed goddamn robot for the rest of my ~7 hour shift, and I really don’t believe it’ll work.
Do you have access to Workplace or Workchat? That would be my first recommendation. If not, please feel free to share on the partner hub and social media. I want partners to know they’re not alone in their feelings. We all stand stronger together.
I was a partner for 9 years and am surprised I lasted that long. At first it was okay, the usual drinks and food items made it easier to connect with customers and get their order out in a timely manner. Then it was POW! Way too many new drinks and food that made it impossible to connect with the customers. I know you want Starbucks to be a “3rd place”, but honestly when it takes 10 minutes for your drink to come up, that’s the last place I’d choose to relax. Then came COVID-19 and it was a big change for everyone in the service industry. When we did open back up, along came the block scheduling and cut hours. I came from a busy store. When you only have 3 people to work bar, DT, and POS until 7am it gets tiring, especially since you couldn’t give breaks out till “peak” was over. By that time, it was time to clock out. I was getting 16 hours a week. Nobody can live off of that. Yet the GM’s expected you to bust your ass for peanuts....all while remaining to smile and act like you gave a shit. I’ve since found another job with better pay and benefits and I couldn’t be happier. Of course Starbucks will always have those employees that drink the koolade and get brainwashed into thinking there are no other options. Let ‘em. But for students who need financial assistance for school, use Starbucks for that and then bolt!!!!
thanks for the advice. after realizing i don't want to spend my time at starbucks long term, i've been stumped on what i should do from here. i'm still pretty stumped but this will be a step in the right direction. i'll do all this tomorrow :)
Lol. Thank you! Creed is a favorite of mine. 

Additionally, I saw the post you linked last week and got really fired up (commented hilariously), and was surprised it didn’t get more traction. I hope this takes off.
I laughed out loud at yours, one of my favorite Kevin quotes of all time.

“As has Kevin!”
And same to you friend.
Any informed decision is better than an ignorant decision.
My day is a lot better now, thank you ☺️
What worries me more is that it won’t, and eventually it’s mission and values will become platitudes that no one can name like many other companies. 

I used to value the culture we upheld, but it’s been years since I’ve seen it.
That makes me sad. It reminds me of our partnership with Nestle. Not only are we failing to hold ourselves accountable, but also the businesses we partner with. 

I wish you well friend.
It isn’t that you aren’t a real Starbucks. It’s that you aren’t at all Starbucks. Your problems are with your own company.
I have a diagnosis myself. It was incredibly platitudinous. It felt like a pat on the back and the company saying, “We know we caused problems, so here’s a cookie buddy.” We don’t need cookies. Partners need to actually be treated like they are the reason Starbucks makes a profit.
It appears to be more of the same old Starbucks performative public relations silliness that seems entirely concerned with propping up the self-manufactured image of Starbucks being a highly ethical company that respects and cares about  its store employees.
That’s a damn shame. I was hoping that it was exclusive to my region. Best of luck, and thank you for taking the time to chat with me.
Thank you, and to you as well.
Much like how the only partners who could afford to take the coffee break are the partners who earn enough dividends to step away for a year.
Absolutely in function. And worse is that the judgement is called into question constantly from District Managers. It’s an absolute shame that we seem to absolutely refuse to create a first key, second key, third key, etc position like many other companies.
Thank you, I have a few leads I’m following up on and I’m sure I’ll find something I’m happier doing.
That stands to reason, given the shifts over the last several years. I would imagine everyone in corporate had a harder time sharing their sentiments than we do on the store level.
I know. I’ve had partners literally unable to pay rent. My heart goes out to all of you.
I’d rather not out myself just yet. However, in six more days that will change.
I remember having a district manager who consistently compared us to Chick Fil A. He couldn’t understand why we weren’t as successful. Whenever we pointed out how many people they had working at any given time, he said that we had to up our comp sales to get to that many partners, missing the point that we had the customers but not the labor.
Absolutely never. 

And we shouldn’t be in a position to tell them no. 

We shouldn’t be creating new builds for beverages that don’t fit our labor plans.
No, it’s technically not and we do not pay as though it is. That will not stop District Managers from working toward making it the expectation. For years there’s been a push in my area to make Shift Supervisors a district asset (look at that phrasing, a human as an asset).
Honestly not sure what either of those are.. never had to use them. Or maybe I just don’t know the correct names of the programs. Where do I find them on the work computer
In the very least it’s a strong indication of what jobs are available. Many employers use Indeed as a jumping off point for recruitment.
I’m surprised it didn’t get more traction as well. Especially given the partner response on the hub. 

> What we pay our hardworking partners does not reflect this statement.

Copy pasted for more pages than I clicked this morning, and still being commented on as of this morning.
I think the mission and values have already become platitudes, unfortunately.

I don't expect anyone from Seattle or Kevin Johnson will reply to you, except perhaps to pick your brain for more information that they can use to craft a public relations response.

I don't believe Starbucks deserves anyone's trust or praise at the moment, given the way the company has been operating.

My view is that the company has failed to monitor and ensure that Starbucks upholds its own values and follows its own standards of business conduct 

The mission, values, etc all look awesome on paper and on the internet, but if they aren't practiced in the stores then they aren't actually the true company values.
I wish you well.

What are your plans after you leave?
Okay wait now I'm following. Lmaoooo you mean my pay issue is with my company not Starbucks.

Accurate.

My other issues however are with Starbucks the corporation.

I can't tell you how many times I've been training new hires with the Starbucks model. Telling them to inspire and nurture the human spirit and how to connect with customers then to turn around and have to show them how to make drinks on bar which is entirely built for speed and not quality.

Also I worked for corporate Starbucks for 5 years before working at the location I'm at now and even then you don't have to be an employee to see that the model for business has changed while the training hasn't. It's all empty platitudes.

I don't even hang out at Starbucks anymore because it doesn't feel like the 3rd place where you can relax and enjoy good vibes.
Except that Starbucks allows its branding to be attached to such companies. Just like we allowed ourselves to align with Nestle.
Then why am I spending thousands a month ordering all my supplies from ordering.starbucks.com 

Oops I'll just go grab some Torani off the shelf. That should suffice.

Listen if you want a caramel macchiato, we are gonna make you a caramel macchiato, to standard, with the same ingredients, just like a regular Starbucks. Because we are one. 

Just with zero of the perks.
Agreed!
This is exactly what it is. They want to stay on Forbes list of companies to work for.
I want to say that I'm so pleased and in admiration of your integrity and commitment to the values that Starbucks utters but fails to demonstrate.
 
I appreciate your honesty and and believe everything you mentioned in your original post and follow up comments.

Would I be correct in guessing that you are expressing your concerns only because you are leaving the company? 

I ask because I know Starbucks has Anti-Retaliation Policy mentioned in its Ethics and Compliance Standards of Business Conduct, but there sure seems to be a hell of a lot of retaliation going on despite that policy.

More of the same old I fear, talking the talk but not walking the walk.

It was insultng to me when I noticed Kevin Johnson's May 25, 2020 tweet that quoted President John F. Kennedy.

It said, "As we express our gratitude, we must never forget that the highest appreciation is not to utter words, but to live by them.” - John F. Kennedy 

It's like Kevin and Starbucks exist in another universe!

Be well, and best of luck, you beautiful human being you.

Peace
If I didn't know how store partners we're being treated, I'd be very happy with leadership. Both before and after corona, they've treated us really well. It's really sad how they don't treat the bread and butter of the organization as well. I've been working at corporate on and off for over 18 years now, it used to be a lot different.
Funny enough, I can pump more customers through in a half hour if I have more people working. If customers see us as a busy and slow location, they will go elsewhere.
Given your position, if you just google what the industry standard for labor costs as a % of revenue you'll see how much you've been shorted.  You'll see that Starbucks is giving you far less than others in food service, and how much less will probably infuriate you.  It provides a number.  A number that represents what they're taking out of stores to pay for nonsense that exists above the store level.  $$$$ is made in the store.  $$$$ is not made at the levels above the store.  They have chosen to take money from stores (that they earned) to support their nasty habit of winning the ... "social game".
Wowwww. Wow. Just... wow.
we can't comp sales without "labor". also we can't make customer connection without "labor". we got exhausted to work 6man play only with 4 partners.
It spooks me that I’ve heard almost verbatim this same thing about my store, minus the shoutout to CFA.
My old SM used to make it very clear that if her employees didn’t answer their phones and come in to work on their off days, their hours would suffer heavily for it.
I don't believe it will ever be an expectation.
You may not have access to them. I believe they’re available to store managers and above. 

But you’re more than welcome to comment on any of the store communications (where the weekly update is), or any social media that focuses on Starbucks. 

Just be warned they do monitor what’s commented on the Hub and I have heard of terminations because of it.
I absolutely agree. My hope is that if more people can and will speak up, that Starbucks will be forced to listen. 

My days here are done, and likely doubly so because of this, but I hope for a better future for everyone still here. 

I believed in what Starbucks was, and honestly what it can still be.
I believe you identified the problem.  Mission and Values statements are just that, statements; and they can really only look good on paper (or the internets).  IF Starbucks did all they stuff they say they do, and better yet, did it without telling ANYONE... Then they'd be the company they're pretending they are.
I’m not entirely sure yet. I have several interviews set up in a few different industries. 

As a nerd, I’m hoping that a games workshop position that opened near me is something I can do. 

I’m also interviewing for fast food, clerical work, and dispatch work.
[removed]
If it’s Starbucks brand, Starbucks has an obligation to hold its partnered companies to the same standards. Not that you’d do much better. In fact there would probably be a pay cut.
I know there is an anti retaliation policy. I am also old enough to know that it means nothing. If they want to, they’ll find a reason to fire anyone. My courage is mostly because I’m leaving, but I feel guilty that I didn’t do this sooner. 

The company is throwing more and more slogans and propaganda out that is increasingly difficult to believe. Kevin seems to be the forerunner of the trend. There isn’t any upward coaching, and they aren’t soliciting the necessary feedback to improve the partner experience. 

My one hope is that this post now shows partners that they are not alone. As I’ve said elsewhere, we all stand stronger together.
Thank you for you for recognizing the bread and butter of the company. I appreciate it when people in corporate actually recognize who is on the frontline.
Funnily enough, our goal is simultaneously to “pump customers out,” and to create connections. I’m not sure with the volume that we do, and the number of customers we see, how we can “make an effort to get to know [the customers].” Our customer connection is essentially the most useless metric I have seen
30% is the industry standard, Starbucks shoots for 20%. I have googled.
The complete lack of understanding sometimes is astonishing.
You get four partners!?

Thank you for showing up and being the best you can be. 

Please share this with anyone who needs to know they're not alone.
The disconnect between what other businesses have and what we have is astounding sometimes. I don't mind being compared to places like that, however I don't like it when we are told to be as successful without the tools that these companies have. There is a person who stands outside with an ipad taking orders. There are how many line cooks? How many employees on register? How overstressed and overworked are they?

The experience is so radically different there because the employee experience is so radically different. I doubt they pay any more than Starbucks does, however they're not overwhelmed when their peak business arrives.

Please feel free to share this post with anyone who needs to know they're not alone, partners will stand stronger together.

Be safe and take care my friend.
I’ve had DMs who told us to starve partners of of hours so they would have to pick up shifts.
Tell that to my sm.
Terminating someone over speaking freely sounds sorta of tyrannical doesn’t it..?
All SCAP partners also have access to workplace, lest any of you want to forward this or something like it to Kevin and friends via chat.
I believed in Starbucks as being a different kind of company.

I believe in the values and much of what Starbucks says it represents.

But those values aren't the reality in Starbucks stores it appears, from the many accounts and experiences I have been paying attention to.

I was the person who recommended to my wife that she apply to work there, based on everything I read on the Starbucks website. 

We put our trust in the company.

Unfortunately our trust was misplaced, and we both feel deceived and foolish for trusting Starbucks.

I wish you well my friend.
Omg!! I hope you get the games workshop one. My cafe I'm gonna open is half regular cafe half cyber cafe. I'm gonna have beast mode gaming PCs available for renting like a normal cyber cafe. And a small arcade. I'm dedicating a whole wall to the history of gaming.

Aaaaaaand all I have left to find is a milk supplier and a coffee roaster. Though right now I'm leaning towards roasting my own beans.
Yes, but this has been going on for longer than six months.
I'm talking about years. Not the last 6 months...
Something like 90% (don't quote me on the exact number) of all money goes through barista hands. Your are what makes the company run.
Yup! I can't connect with people if I'm trying to make drinks for mobile, uber, and cafe, and switch between cold bar and hot bar. Oh and also warming when someone is on break. I don't even have time to catch up with my regulars anymore, and they can tell that we're overworked. 

It is to the point that I have to choose between getting tasks done, connecting with customers, or getting drinks out quickly. I couldn't even do the breakfast pull until 1PM today because we were so busy.
It’s not even a quantifiable metric.
No lie, I ran two different multi-million dollar stores for 5ish years.  I never got more than 18% for labor.  And it declined year over year every year I was there.
I thought these links might be interesting to those who wonder why Starbucks NEEDS to cut labor:

The size of the corporate org chart: [https://theorg.com/org/starbucks/team](https://theorg.com/org/starbucks/team)

The cost of the "partners" on that org chart:

 [https://www1.salary.com/STARBUCKS-CORP-Executive-Salaries.html](https://www1.salary.com/STARBUCKS-CORP-Executive-Salaries.html)  

&#x200B;

If you're curious, just google the industry standards for positions, for instance the Starbucks CFO earns $11,208,751 a year in compensation ($715,000 in base pay) when the average CFO of a Fortune 500 company earns between $371,000 and $462,000 depending on compensation packages.
Ok. What's their email?
Doesn’t it though?
Several local shops near me roast their own beans, and they’re absolutely delicious. I am unfortunately completely inept at just about everything related to food prep, so I couldn’t even begin to figure out how to do that. 

It’s also impressive that you’re opening your own shop. What did the process look like? I’ve never been sure how to even begin something like that, let alone get to the final stages. 

Lastly thank you, if I could get paid for my hobbies that would be superb. I already spend a significant amount of my time playing, assembling, and painting. Why not get paid for it?
For anyone unfamiliar, the question that Starbucks asks its guests is, “Did your barista make an effort to get to know you?”

There is literally no way to coach or develop toward that, and during our peak business (and often outside of) we’re simply too busy to make that effort. 

I have spoke against that metric since it debuted, and it is still quite possibly the worst way to measure how we are treating our guests. 

It also works against us that it can ask our mobile order and pay guests who are often in and out faster than we can say hello. 

I don’t know how drive thrus even begin to manage that metric. 

A secret shopper with clear and measurable goals would be significantly more valuable.
Do you remember the ordeal when we launched that blended ice drink with the classic (that was literally it, blended sugar ice, shots of espresso, and caramel drizzle) and we poured the shots on toons they “forgot” to update the labor, and they didn’t realize until it sank to almost 15%? That was a good summer.
I do not believe for a moment his works 300,000% harder than our shift supervisors. 

Thank you for sharing this.
Who are you and why would you think I would provide you that? Are you out of your mind?
Not sure if they will even give a shit or read what you wrote to him, but I’m glad you did it. Thank you for speaking up for us when countless others won’t.
Why don't you start with streaming then? You can make decent money on twitch. I can help with that. I streamed full time for 3 years. And as far as how starting a business looks. That's way too much for a reddit. Soooo lol. Maybe DM me?
>For anyone unfamiliar, the question that Starbucks asks its guests is, “Did your barista make an effort to get to know you?”

As a customer, I am glad when they don't take the time to make these connections with me. Ain't nobody got time for that. If there's literally no line and the employees have nothing else to do, sure, but I don't want to be waiting for a drink so people in front of me can have a chit chat.
I always say YES and give all the stars and mention how fabulous everyone is at the store because I get how useless the survey is and that any response that the store and partners are less than perfect might hurt people who have no control over their work environment.
Including the RD, DM, 14 SMs, and 5ASMs in our district I possessed the only business degree. Happens to be in accounting. I brought this up every. chance. I. got. I always got a BS excuse. Boy did I have quite a few training hours. 

whoops
Oh boy I remember that one. That one was a few months before my 2nd manager put her keys in the safe, wrote us a note; and literally moved out of the city a week later. She lives on a boat now with her dog and husband 😭
The stupid granitas
They’re another SM apparently.
I offered.
I frankly have no hope of it being read by anyone important. My hope, like I’ve said elsewhere in this post, is to make partners not feel alone. We all stand stronger together. A few whistle blowers in March helped partners get cafe stores shut down briefly. I hope with enough outraged partners Starbucks may change course. Either that or everyone gets out while they can.
I am actually the same as you. A smile, a hello, and a thank you, that’s all I need as a guest, and I know many customers feel the same.
That’s exactly what happens. The location I worked at happened to be mobile order and commuter heavy, so we typically didn’t have regulars we could get to know, but that *excuse* didn’t fly. I remember our regional director touring and stopping at a nearby store where they were trying a question a day. Something along the line of asking every customer what their favorite color is. The regional director asked, “What’s that supposed to do?” I can’t think of a better way to get to know someone than by asking an open ended question.
I find it fascinating that for labor being explained so often, they can never seem to share with us the specific details. How much labor does a caramel macchiato earn? Or, better yet, the god forsaken Frappuccinos with whipped cream on the bottom. “Transparency.” I suspect they refuse to show us because we could time the beverages and find out for ourselves if the formula is genuine.
O.......
Oh god, just reading that word brings back so much anxiety.
You offered... bro you asked a stranger to send you their manager’s email. Talk about protecting your identity. Stores have an average of what, 20 partners? It’s really not hard to figure out who was complaining about their job online and fire them or write them up for it. That’s not an offer, as kindly as you may have meant it. That’s insanity.
Ah nice. Your reason for doing it is much more important anyway. Respect. I think I can speak for other partners when I say we appreciate you and people like you.
Ah nice. You’re reason for doing it is much more important anyway. Respect. I think I can speak for other partners when I say we appreciate you and people like you.
Yes, I'd like to add "accurate orders," but I suppose that would go both ways
Indeed. Do they think we actually make friends with the Facebook model? 

“I’m going to say things at you, then you agree.”
That darn math. Always getting in the way of the narrative.

I reached my breaking point when I was apologizing for writing the schedule to support transaction trends and going “way over labor”. I’ll apologize for doing the right thing. When your boss can’t see it is the right thing, that’s a problem.

If there’s something I learned in the Navy that I’ll carry with me everywhere it’s this: problems go up and solutions come down. Starbucks has been trying to do that backwards for too long.
I was being facetious.
Thank you, and same to you. Everyone who speaks up together empowers the people who can’t speak up, and can be an inspiration for more to speak up.
There is an order accuracy option that goes into our “operations score,” which is generally much more quantifiable.
I have no idea, but I smashed that connect button!
I’m going to share this with my Navy buddy. He’ll appreciate it. I am never sure how to acknowledge one’s service given everyone’s varying emotions, so I acknowledge your service, sir.
I long contended that as an SM it’s my job to make my people’s jobs easier. Not to do their jobs, but if they have a problem I should be a resource! Moving up means more responsibility, not less. I worked for too many DMs that wanted me to solve their problems and didn’t want to hear mine. That’s ridiculous.
I accept your acknowledgement!
I can’t even begin to tell you how often a DM has told me which peer to reach out to when I had a problem, only to have that peer know less that me. That’s assuming you can even trust the peer to not whisper in the district manager’s ear about whatever you discuss. 

I haven’t had a vacation in two years because I couldn’t get help from my peers or district manager.
And here we are. I’m telling you, I have never missed the company. Some partners for sure, but never the Bucks.
The people have typically been great. The business not so much.
I feel that enough time has passed and I have moved on from the company, that I can perhaps impart some “wisdom” from my 5 years working for the siren. I’ll get right to it. 


1.) Every store is different, and some are much better run than others. That being said, every store will always have its own set of problems. 

2.) Customer connections, connections scores and anything that has to do with excessive customer service IS ALL BS. Be professional, be polite, but don’t  hurt yourself trying to be BFFs with every customer. It’s been pretty well stated by others on this sub that connection scores are rigged and useless, so just do your best and fuck the scores. 

3.) STARBUCKS ONLY CARES ABOUT ITS SHAREHOLDERS JUST LIKE EVERY BILLION DOLLAR CORPORATION EVER. I take special issue with this, because the Siren will try and claim they’re different. They’re not. Don’t believe them when they say they’re different. Yes they do provide some decent benefits, but it’s not that brag worthy. Again, it’s a corporation and they only care about their bottom line. 

4.) This job is draining as hell, but the people you work with can make the experience so much better. I would have quit much longer ago had I not made such good friends with my former coworkers. 

5.) Some SMs are straight up ass. There’s no getting around it. Usually shitty SM = shitty SSVs due to poor training. 

6.) WINDOW WAIT TIMES DONT MATTER. You SSV or SM will try to tell you otherwise, but again, get the people what they came here for in a polite, professional and efficient manner. The only person who benefits from low wait times is corporate, and they have plenty of money. YOU WILL NOT BE REWARDED FOR LOW WAIT TIMES. They will simply say “ok do better”. 

7.) No one is paid enough so do this job. Simple as that. Yes I’m aware there was a wage increase, but a living wage should be the standard, not something we have to beg for. 
 
8.) Though there were many awesome regulars, most of the customers aren’t worth bending over backwards for. Especially since COVID, customers have gotten only more entitled and mean and a thick skin is required. 

9.) To add to the former point, corporate will cater to those shitty customers if they call and complain. That asshat who says “they’ll never come back” will definitely be back once corporate rewards their poor behavior with a gift card. 

10.) Unrealistic expectations are the norm and you will never be able to fulfill all of them, and you’re not paid enough to do so. You will however, likely get snapped at by stressed out management. Just remember that their expectations are a joke and do your job the best you can. 

11.)ITS JUST COFFEE DO NOT LET STARBUCKS TELL YOU OTHERWISE. Yes this job can be fulfilling and has ups and downs, but at the end of the day, it just coffee. You’re there to earn a paycheck, not join a cult. 

12.) And finally, keep your mental health in check (easier said than done). This job is stressful, and even more so thanks to Covid. PUT YOURSELF FIRST. Don’t be afraid to say no to covering extra shifts or whatever BS they want you to deal with. People will always call out, someone always has “something” going on. You owe your job NOTHING and don’t let anyone guilt you into doing extra. It’s not worth the price of your health. 

As always thanks for reading! This was therapeutic for me. I’ve moved on from the siren, but I still like to occasionally post about my experiences. I’m sure there’s several things I missed, but that’s not important now. Wishing you all the best of luck during these crazy times. ❤️❤️❤️


ETA: Thank you all for the wonderful comments and kind words and AWARDS!! I hope that COVID brings the toxicity of corporate America to light and changes happen. Again thank you ☺️
" It’s been pretty well stated by others on this sub that connection scores are rigged and useless, so just do your best and fuck the scores. "

Exactly. We're given no benefit if the scores are excellent and take no penalty if the scores are bad. Ours is hovering around 60, and big whoop, it means absolutely nothing for store operations or partner relations. It's just a dick measuring contest for SMs and DMs, it's just Sbux being envious of Chick-Fil-A. If you cared even a small amount it's easier enough, just pay attention to mobile customers, they seem to get the surveys more often than not; cash and credit customers can be 100% ignored because they don't get surveys.

Some further advice:
-always make sure you're getting mileage. Also when you pick up product before your shift, your shift begins the moment you step foot into another Sbux or a grocery store. Now you're on the clock, I'd argue it begins the moment you even drive into the parking lot, or when you get the call/text.

-Always use your sick time first if you can, sick time is lost if you quit or are let go, vacation time is paid out.

-Always use your markout. Even if you don't want it, give it to another partner or a neighbor or whomever. Don't ever just let it go to waste.
Starbucks like to suck you in and stress you out, it's rough. 

I started working at Starbucks because I dont sleep well and wake up really early anyways and after a year and a half of Starbucks I feel stuck here. I'm starting ASU with them and just began health insurance through Starbucks and it's the first health plan that covers my medications at a reasonable price and covers my psychiatric check up visits.

I dont like Starbucks anymore, but their benefits have me trapped while not being able to afford groceries and barely afford rent and my car insurance because of the low pay and I live in Colorado so high living expenses...

Starbucks isnt worth the stress that it causes and definitely not worth it for the pay
This is everything I’ve been wanting to express but couldn’t put into words properly. Bless u child. I’ve tried to express to partners at my store how corporate is terrible and how this job expects way too much of us, and the response I’m met with is usually partners trying to stick up for corporate like “but they just gave us a great raise, we have to remember how lucky we are to work for a company like this during COVID, we could be working at Amazon.” Sure, Starbucks isn’t nearly as bad as Amazon, but that doesn’t mean they’re anywhere close to fulfilling their employees needs. I always feel bad about myself when I try to speak out against corporate cause other partners kinda just roll their eyes at me. I cried and went on a rant to my SM about how much I hate corporate and now she can’t even look at me, like I disrespected her religion or something. It’s wild how corporate truly manipulates partners AND customers into thinking that Starbucks is some magical place where everyone is accepted and everyone is best friends. Thanks for taking the time to write this tho, it’s really validating and cathartic to read lol
bravo OP!! 

please remember everyone** Starbucks does t care about you and never ever ever will.


LOUDER FOR THOSE IN THE BACK
As a partner who has worked there 6 years and been a SM and now a shift this is all spot on. I'll add dont trust your DMs. They always want to be your friend but if you knew the conversations that have been had with them they only real concern is how to keep partners in line and working
The pandemic is what forced me to see what SBUX hides behind the smoke and mirrors of “great benefits” and “caring about their partners”. I miss my coworkers so much that I think about going back, but I can’t work for a company that puts its people on the front lines of a pandemic without proper protection for a CUP OF COFFEE
It’s impossible to have both great customer connections and great window times, and corporate is kidding themselves to think otherwise. It’s obvious they’ve never stepped behind the bar since they wanna enforce both so badly.
I have never worked for Starbucks. However, I do work in healthcare and can understand and relate to some aspects of this post. Such as, a draining job, how difficult it is during the pandemic, and needing a thick skin to deal with customers. Or in my case, patients. 
I just wanted to say how sad this made me for so many of the baristas I have grown to adore. It truly puts into perspective that you don’t know what someone is going through. I am sad for you and for anyone else who has experienced these things as well. I am always kind to baristas, but this will always be in the back of mind and remind me to be EXTRA kind. As a customer, i have never once experienced a long wait time or any type of dissatisfaction towards a Starbucks or their baristas. Everyone has always been wonderful and given me the correct order. Everytime. Keep up the good work, even though it is hard. We appreciate you so much.
Anytime you work for a company that claims to be like a family, that means you’ll be more likely to be abused and taken advantage of by the company. Because family will do anything for their family, right? Except the sacrifices go only one way, and when corporate/the higher ups need to throw someone under the bus to get the man off of *their* ass, it’s mostly entry level and lower level employees that get the shit end of the poop knife. 

The only thing you owe any company you work for is to show up on time when scheduled. Anything more than that will not be appreciated; it will only be what’s expected of you. 

So, it’s ok to set your boundaries and do only what’s expected of you (if it’s within reason) and peace out if it gets to the point the expectations of the job gets to be more than you’re willing or able to handle.
Honestly, I'm glad Covid gave me an out, specially since my health has worsened since a year ago. When it was "just being tired". I have 1000+ hours of EI
Talking about all stores being different- so true.  The store I trained at was a cafe only; so chill, possibly the best store I've ever seen.  But their employees are so happy that no one leaves so they never hire or accept transfers ;-; 
Then there was the store I had to go to, which was a complete mess with literally everything you could think of and right next to a mall next to exits of a couple interstates so super busy.  The turnover rate there was insane.  I worked there 5 months and went through like 3 SMs, who knows how many SSVs, employees, everything lmao and we could not keep toilet paper, napkins, grande cups, refresher infusions, etc for the life of us.  It was so wild the contrast lmfao they were like less than 10 miles from each other too
[deleted]
>No one is paid enough so do this job

👆👆👆👆👆👆👆👆👆👆

As I said to my friend when I was quitting, the benefits sure are nice, but I'll gladly pay $200 out of pocket when I see the dentist if it means I don't have to work this shitty job anymore
I’m planning to stick around long enough for them to pay for my bachelors degree and then gtfo. Honestly, the first store I started at was awesome but when I moved to another area my stress levels here skyrocketed. I promoted to get a more stable schedule but that went out the window with the COVID situation. I may just step down for the 2 years left of college because the stress is just not worth it. It’s true that the numbers they push for are a joke, especially in the middle of a pandemic when a majority of stores are understaffed.
Thanks for posting this. My store has so many people isolated right now, and who knows how many have covid (a few have tested positive already). Regardless, my SM wants to keep the store going strong even though she’s taking the week off and even though there are only 4 SSVs to basically run the store in her absence (me being one of them).

When I think about the risks I’m taking by going to work, I want to quit. One in a thousand people in the US are dead from COVID. My store sees a thousand people every two days. This is ridiculous.

Corporate does not care about me and will continue to keep our store open until all of us have COVID or we quit. Or die. I don’t know. I hate it here.
thank you for this incite HitlersTesticleJam
Fucking hated working for this company. I'm surprised I worked 4 years at starbucks. The mental toll I took was agonizing. Never been happier away from this place.  Still I loved working with some of my co-workers. Others more then some. I tried to push myself too hard for a company that never really gave anything back to me.
I’m currently working at Starbucks for my first time and almost at the 4 month mark. The only reason I work here is because my former closed twice due to corona AND it’s right up the street from my house. Because of that, I’ve had to learn and see another side of entitlement. People who go to Starbucks are 9/10 times absolutely insane. Complain about absolutely everything and god forbid the drink times take forever because you decided to order 13 fucking drinks in the drive-thru.  When it comes to the whole mental health situation, it’s absolutely imperative to take some time off if needed.  Please everyone stay safe.
I just want to reiterate and draw special attention to number 7.
That k you so much for posting this. It’s very frustrating and anxiety inducing when management tells us how “we’re too slow compared to everyone else” but our average is 50-60 seconds? And you’re right, I find the joy in the people I work with. They make it worth it.
I just started... Ended my training at another store with a group of people on Sunday. On Monday I went into the new store and they throw me right on the register. Today I couldn't even find the iPod to clock in till after 1/2 hour into my shift. I was on register again and I was having a panic attack for 2 hours but not showing it. I don't know anything yet! Our training was basically sitting on a computer! Anyone else have this happen?
We also only have three people working!
This is honestly great advice for any job. I just left retail for food service and all of this applies. It's just a job and you don't get paid enough to stress about it. I just wish I had figured this out before the work dreams settled in...
Just the fact that there’s a million customization options on the menu is already stressful enough. Each drink has to be handcrafted and tailored to every specific individual and sometimes results can vary depending on the barista. 

Depending on the customer, I imagine it’s a nightmare to make a drink only to have the customer spit it in your face and demand it be remade because it was “better last time”.
Thank you 🥺✨ good luck on your journey onwards!!!
“It’s just coffee” is what I tell everybody I train, my favorite mantra!
ONE HUNDRED PERCENT AGREEEEEE
From a green bean that starts soon..thanks.
Damn, definitely needed to read this. Most definitely saving this post and reading it when I’m having a bad day at work. Thank you!
i don’t understand the hype around low window times. i think that as long we don’t have customers at the window for 10 minutes for one drink, then it’s fine. especially low staff or during peak. my SM also expects us to practically tell our customers our life stories or else we’re not coming across as “friendly enough”....like how am i supposed to take orders, hand out, and connect all while keeping the times under 30 seconds? it’s literally not possible
One comment; Starbucks only cares about shareholder, but all of its partners are shareholders because of the stock grants. I've been working for Starbucks since 2007. Took a 4 year break because of a brutal car accident. It's not the best company,but it is the best company in the service industry. If you have to work in service, this is the best choice. Partners also don't use the PCC enough to report bad managers and I urge all partners who read this to really understand that there's a lot of resources you can utilize to get changes made to your store.
I love this write up. I’ve found solace in the madness using a lot of the points you’re describing. 

I disagree with number 11 tho. It’s not coffee we serve anymore. It’s ice cream.
228 in chat to fucking boost the hell outta op

do your best, but dont give this job your absolute all every day. We're already getting underpaid- dont give them more labor. If you need more help, ask for it persistently and try to get new people hired. 

SB really likes to pretend this is a lifetime job, but it doesnt have to be. If youre wearing that thin theres no shame in taking care of yourself
i don’t even know if my store has connection scores tbh
You’re there to earn a pay check not join a cult becomes more relevant w every video Starbucks makes us watch in training. Lmao
I think number 12 is a big one. I had coworkers at my old store complain about the SM making them work so much, but in reality they would cover so many shifts. It’s not worth it. I’ve worked at other corporations and I have the mentality of “if I’m not scheduled, I will not be there” with a few exceptions of close friends I have. 

I think so many partners get so heated and upset about the smallest things. This job IS NOT worth your tears, your frustration, your mental stability. And if your SM tells you otherwise, just laugh in their face. 

It’s a job. Not a family, and not a labor camp. Never stress yourself, or kill yourself over the job!
I also left during COVID after being there for 4.5 years. I moved to a small, local cafe and the amount of relief I felt within the first week of being there made me realize how truly miserable I was working for the Siren.

That's not to say it wasn't a big, important chunk of my life. It was. I grew, I learned, and I met some amazing people. Like you said, I stayed for as long as I did because of my coworkers and the fact that I respected them and their work ethic and I wanted to continue helping them out.

What really killed me was the drive times. We were KNOWN for our >34 second drive times, but also being the busiest store in the district. I have never felt more used and like a worthless cog in the machine than I did working my ass off for...what? Mindless praise? Getting berated by customers every hour? Missed breaks due to a never ending "peak" period?

My SM used to tell me I was the best bar barista and I couldn't quit, I was too good at what I did. Then I met my replacement the next day. I really was just a number to this company.
Thank you for this post. As a relatively new partner who suspected these things, and is already thinking about their move tf away from the siren, it’s vindicating.

Especially seeing my long-tenured and completely miserable partners suffering daily, and hearing my completely brainwashed SM sucking on the siren’s teat
As a shift who worked with the company for 3 years, I can 100% agree with everything you stated. Customer connection scores and that whole tallying system is a load of BS and having to sit down weekly with the rest of management to ponder over what we could to increase it was tiring. I always came to work with the expectation to have a good time and support my baristas. I quit right after they offered CAT pay, used all my sick/vacation pay and moved to Oregon to sell weed in the family business. I'm glad you got out with your head on your shoulders and heat of luck in the future!
I worked for Starbucks a loooong time ago (2006-2008) and came back briefly in 2016 while I was student teaching in grad school and needed a job. The company has changed drastically. The constant new drinks and all of the extra stuff they’ve added over the years made the job much more difficult the second time around. I thought maybe it was being 17 the first time vs 27 the second time, but... no. The job does not even remotely pay an appropriate rate for the amount of work expected/required.
Many of these are true for almost every job, especially, ESPECIALLY corporate America. Do not let anyone devalue you and your labor. Do your job, but do not let them have anything more than they pay you for. Do not give them your mental or physical health, your dignity, or your joy. Thank you, and beautifully written, OP.
When I was working there back in 2008, Starbucks used to call it "Legendary Service"! I rolled my eyes thinking, "The only one legendary ever is XENA!".
Thanks for the advice, u/HitlersTesticleJam!
Is it Cents or Sense?
[removed]
Connection scores rigged?
Regarding this:

>  7.) No one is paid enough so do this job. Simple as that. Yes I’m aware there was a wage increase, but a living wage should be the standard, not something we have to beg for.

This is so fu-reaking true. I moved and went from making $12.62/hr, which was barely livable, to $9.96/hr, which made a second job necessary. I was willing to stick with the company, because I liked the work and the partners I was with in my new store, but crap on a stick, the SM was a raging bitch and I only saw her on the floor like twice in the month I was at the new store.
I'm a 9 year partner that just quit.

You learn a few things. I really love the company, it's great if you read between the lines and realize you're simply not supposed to live up to every little details but it's a company that likes to make sure there's a standard in place for everything. Like most jobs your actual day to day experience is going to be heavily impacted by your fellow coworkers so focus on interpersonal relationships and make sure everyone tries to have a good time, because you're going to be paid shit money even if you hate every second of it.

But here's the thing: Starbucks spent a couple billion dollars buying back it's own stock. If you don't know what that means go google "stock buyback" and take a moment to understand it. This clearly demonstrates who their main patron is, no surprise, it's the stockholders. It's kinda shitty, but I get it. I understand that's what makes the world go 'round. I think partners need to also live by a similar truth: you're in it for your own personal gain. What can you gain? Obviously you get a paycheck, but try to take every little thing you can out of it. Network with people if you have a side-gig or whatever, be your own best advocate. If you don't have a degree use their ASU re-imbursement but do yourself a favor, please don't major in organizational leadership or whatever and think that it's a degree that will help you become a store-manager-district-overseer-regional-lord-senior-vicerory-of-the-andes, get a real degree that will benefit you outside of Starbucks in the real world and then leave the company. You've done your part, they've done theirs. Everybody is happy.

I took enhanced unemployment this year for 4 months, the second it was offered and finished my Software Engineering degree at ASU and never looked back. I'm not saying this is the exact route for everyone but in my opinion, Starbucks is only worth it if you can squeeze every ounce of sweet bean juice from the siren's teat. Always be investing in yourself when you work for a company like Starbucks!
This is my third week on register. I have not learned how to make a drink yet. At the spot I am at I have to do register warming station and coffee and tea! Sometimes it's freaking crazy especially with mobile orders. I really want to learn how to make some drinks. I don't feel as dumb as I did at the beginning thank God .
Still feel like I'm bothering people when they ask questions though.
I’m at a store with an 80 cc score (highest in our region of the United States). Let me tell you, when we found that out we got nothing for it. A store right up the block had the second highest cc score in the entire country and got shut down after COVID. Cc scores are absolutely bullshit.
Agree except for the easy part on scores. Our store has the best customer service and friendliest baristas of any Starbucks I've been to, and right now we're at about a 30 on customer connection. We get a lot of very mean, entitled customers- so much so that every borrowed partner comments on it. Wish it didn't get the DM on our ass so much, it's making the SM add more ridiculous requests by the day.
Vacation is not paid out.
But what about the free Spotify?
It’s been almost a year since I’ve stopped working there and still hear that damn coffee timer in my sleep. If I didn’t have to rely on it during college I would’ve went way sooner.
Totally agree. I was very fortunate to be in a position to leave and I know not everyone is. I’m glad you’re going to school and I hope your degree will free you from the siren with better opportunities!
Yeah, the ones who stood up for the siren were always tough to work with. Felt like they were thought police lol
can definitely second the sentiment that sbux is NOT a magical place where everyone is accepted and best friends. i love most of the people at my store, but one of the partners has been there for many years and she constantly misgenders me (i use they/them pronouns and have it as well as the trans and non-binary pride flags on my apron ffs), has made homophobic remarks to a gay partner, slut shamed other female partners and customers, and has made fatphobic remarks about customers. management knows. *and she's still there when no one likes her.*
They do not care, every benefit they offer is for partner retention, that's all. It's not because they're kind or benevolent, I'm just waiting to see how long they continue to offer some of them.
After changing the sizes of the drinks to small, medium, and large, I'm pretty positive my next immediate step as CEO would be getting rid of the DM spots.

In my entire time on the corporate and licensed side, I have never once seen a DM walk into a store and help it. I have seen the complete opposite though, multiple times.
“Keep partners in line and working”
Please Collin this further. I’m interested in further context
Your boss isn’t your friend dude.
Yup. I was already realizing the effect that the job had on my mental (and physical) health before the pandemic, but if Covid hadn't happened I'd probably have kept going because I felt stuck. As it is, I just started a new job that pays better, has better customer interactions, and is training me in a way that doesn't involve being thrown to the wolves. I miss and love my former crew (and I'm still in their group chat so I get to see all the dirt), but I'm so much happier already and my anxiety is getting better too.
Wow You’re such a special person. Thanks for your lovely comment and for working in healthcare!
mann... god bless
#
The way Starbucks acts they’re lucky I show up on time hahaha
And besides, let’s not pretend they aren’t going to keep me late whoever they possibly can!
I just quit corporate for the second time and I'm at a licensed store now. Let me tell you I have never been less stressed about work in my life. I got lucky enough to find a great manager (realistic expectations, willing to admit when she doesn't know something, recognizes and rewards people who go above) and my store has zero drama. Even the best of the corporate stores I worked at had the DT time pressure and all the other corporate BS. 

My last corporate store told a barista who was vomiting and having severe heart problems that she was not *allowed* to call out and go to the hospital unless she found coverage for her shift. No one was willing/able to cover, so she went in. They had the audacity to tell her to her face that she looked like shit. Multiple complaints were filed about it and they did nothing. (She is okay now, but it was a rough recovery after she finally did get to a doctor and the excess stress certainly did not help.)

 **Corporate does not care about barista health and safety.**
Totally understand. I called off once because I was mentally and physically exhausted from both school and work.
I was a shift and stepped down. Very worth it. Being a shift at the bux is hell.
NGL, got pretty mean to “Karen’s” toward the end. I think there was one point where I looked some bitch dead in the eye and I was like “look, people who mobile order before, are getting their drinks first, as the stickers dictate. I can’t change the order in which the sticker print. So if there’s a 13 drink order ahead of you on mobile it’s being made first. Sorry 😁” she had ordered inside behind like a bazillion other people and was gonna wait 15 min anyways.
When I first got hired, I got a full 40 hours of training. Barista basics on the computer, but also time with a barista trainer practicing and doing coffee tastings. We sat down with a little dry erase sheet that had a cup printed on it to practice writing abbreviations as well as how many shots and pumps went in each drink. Trainee and trainer were extra, there was a full floor scheduled so that there was no extra pressure on top of learning everything. 

Training now is barista basics and then you get thrown on floor with a trainer, but the expectation is that the trainee is capable of providing floor coverage. The last two people I trained at corporate, both the trainee and I were included in the five person play for peak, rather than being additional people. It meant that everyone was stressed, I couldn't teach properly, and the learning environment was insane. No one can be expected to learn like that. If anything, a panic attack in that scenario would be the norm, not the exception. 

*As a side note, since I assume you are a corporate barista, find the daily record book. There's a section in it called punch communication log. Write in what time you actually showed up for your shift, since you weren't able to clock in properly, and make sure you get paid for all your time worked.*
They do that to everyone, you do modules and get like anywhere from 1-3 practice shifts then they just throw you into it.   
It's definitely stressful at first but you'll get the hang of it! There are so many different buttons on register and I remember how frustrating it was for me to learn too.

  
Just try and remember that asking for help is ok and it is definitely not the end of the world if you mess up (which you will, we all do.)
Ultra picky customers really started to increase after COVID. It’s like people just wanted to make the baristas lives hell because Karen had to follow rules for once in her life.
Don’t waste time connecting. The customer doesn’t give a flying shit about you. I just did the bare minimum of “good morning, how’s it going? Your drinks are almost ready!”
Believe me, I called and reported shitty work practices with evidence and they still did fuck all. Had a guy singling me out and bullying me for *months* and all they did after I opened a formal complaint? They made him transfer and the result? He found another person to single out and bully at his new store. Took TWO YEARS for him to even get close to being fired. Also reported my SM, but again, no repercussions. Not trying to discourage using PCC, but it’s not a fix all.
Yeah, there’s a reason they went from calling themselves “Starbucks Coffee” to just Starbucks. They wanted an excuse to turn into overpriced fast food and make *more* money. Yeah that only came at the cost of beverage and service quality, but as long as Mr. CEO gets his *soooo important* bonus that’s all they care about.
I thought I was going to make a career out of it, because that’s what I was told. Tried to work my way up and stopped at SSV. Just not worth the hassle. It’s more stress for more unrealistic expectations and a marginal pay increase.
When I came back from CAT pay and we had that cult meeting about our customers and normalcy and they had the audacity to conjure up these uplifting loving feelings to say “now transfer that love to your favorite customer”. That was a huge wake up call, especially once I had 24hrs to fully process how dirty and culty that meeting was.
Yup, tenured partners really show how awful and draining the job can be. I didn’t want to be that 40 year old bitter person working in the service industry with a bunch of high school kids.
Absolutely, corporate America is a toxic dumpster fire.
It’s two cents like $0.02. I don’t know the etymology
Gonna have to disagree with you on that. No one should have to suffer just because the job isn’t “meant to be forever”. Everyone deserves to be able to pay their bills no matter what their job title is. Appreciate the hug tho
The concept of “skilled” labor is absolute garbage and is designed to justify paying poor people abysmal wages. All labor is valuable and is deserving of a living wage in a developed society. Additionally, starbucks offers retirement plans and casts its positions as careers, so the company is definitely trying to suggest that its a viable career for your entire working life. Does that *not* sound like something that somebody should be able to make a living wage from? The company makes billions of dollars every year, so it could afford to pay us appropriately if it wanted to.

Also, you’ve clearly never worked at a busy starbucks if you think this job requires a “minimal” skill level.
This job requires more than “minimum skills” it’s ridiculous to look down on the job in that way
I think it's one of the typical retail store scoring systems, where it's designed to always make you strive for more, but more is never achievable with the system they have in place. If you don't score a perfect 100%, you fail. Doesn't matter if you get 4/5, it's not an 80, it's like a zero on their score card.
What I was told by my SSV and SM: 

They only survey mobile orders and the score is based off one question: “did the barista ask what you’re doing today?”
Yeah, my old store hovered at around a 30 and I have no idea why, other than the surveys going to mobile customers that we didn’t really have time to interact with. 

My ass was on reg all fucking day, every day I was there, and all my managers (I had four in six months) told me that I was doing a great job at connecting with customers.  I even made an effort to memorize all regulars’ names and what they ordered, and chatted with them every time they came in, so I can say that the scores *have* to be rigged for ours to have been so low.
Agree so much. My DM made a huge deal about getting every store in the district above 50 CC score. And when we all hit that score, all we got was the SM relaying a congratulations to us from the DM. No extra labor, no extra pay, no bonus of any kind.
+1 for cc scores not mattering at the barista level. Let SMs worry about it as they're paid to do so.

I'm nice to customers, I follow the rules, (and will go the extra mile if I like you/ am in a generous mood lol) but most of the time when customers are mad it's because of something they brought in the door with them OR we're understaffed. Either way it's not my problem.
Tbh, spotify offers a $5.99 Student bundle with hulu that I'd take up in a second if it wasnt already free. I was sad when I left UC Denver and lost my student bundle and had to take the Spotify premium and pay for the Hulu
“Free Spotify” it’s actually taken out of your check for like $8 instead of $13 or whatever they charge
Ugh why’d you have to remind me of that dang timer 🥴🥴
I'm really hoping as soon as I graduate I can skedaddle my ass far far away from the siren
Yup, sucky people get the same rewards as reliable employees. Once I found out my idiot coworkers who didn’t give a shit weren’t punished, I started caring *a lot* less
MORE THOUGHTS


The stocks? Worth maybe $250 a YEAR - get more money at a new job and you make that back in a month 
The medical? Costco Walmart and Whole Foods offer it at 30-32 hours a week
The free food and drink? Unhealthy and full of sugar
Free college? You have to front the first semester and books are never covered and Walmart and chipotle offer free education 

target pays $15 minimum to stand at a cash register! Not multitask into a mental breakdown
Costco pays $15 and is closed on all holidays and you get paid to stay home!
Maybe it’s an unpopular opinion, but DMs are not there to run nor help the store when it’s busy. They need to over see and manage the bigger picture. Obviously if repeated problems are persistent then it’s on them to come up with a plan to fix. I’ve had dms (not Starbucks) who have the work ethic of a cow, some that would help without skipping a beat, and some that can delegate and fix problems without even needing to go the store. The latter, in my experience, work best. Dms are necessary and many times there job is just as, if not more, stressful than base level associates.
This is my third week on register. I have not learned how to make a drink yet. At the spot I am at I have to do register warming station and coffee and tea! Sometimes it's freaking crazy especially with mobile orders. I really want to learn how to make some drinks. I don't feel as dumb as I did at the beginning thank God .
Still feel like I'm bothering people when they ask questions though.
I didn't even get any practice shifts! We went through the test register 1 time with each other with no customers in there. I was having an inner. Anxiety for the first 2 hours yesterday.
And I'm like damn girl it's just coffee calm down LOL! I was only working with two people so I had to keep on asking them questions oh, I'm sure they were where I was I mean who goes in knowing how to work Starbucks lol.
Am I trained in a different one we're generally they just seemed friendlier. The shift manager is very serious and that's good and well but a little intimidating
It is difficult,but it helps when you make sure your fellow partners are always reporting things when they happen. a lot of people just don't say anything, but there is great power in numbers. I train all my partners on how to keep a notebook and write down their feelings and when things happen that are not ok, if multiple people make calls and keep records it gives PCC and the district manager or human resources director a lot more to go with. Otherwise it becomes he said she said they said B's. Even if people are quitting I tell them to call and report any issues they encountered at their store so that record is kept for future purposes.
Exactly. I get a lot of shit for not being a shift after being here a while, but its just not worth it. Ive seen too many 18-20 yos absolutely burn out and become anxious wrecks after they turn shift.
Honestly, even my manager who is generally a very reasonable person was way too into it.
Honestly one of the biggest drains is that the SM when I started 4 months ago Fucking ruled, and the store morale was at least not in the total shitter!
Then they told her “hey, you’re good at this job, so you have to fix a store that totally sucks” and they took her away, and gave us new SM that has decimated morale
TRUTH. America: Socialism for the rich and corporations, rugged individualism and "bootstraps" for everyone else. Corporate America is evil and if I had the money, I would bankroll the greatest worker's strike this country, hell, the world, has ever seen. They steal labor and life and have the audacity to say it's our fault. Capitalism is okay if --and only if-- it is highly regulated and there are STRONG worker's rights.
I would also argue that starbucks, and barista in general, is not a "minimum skill" job. Lets see karen step behind the line, learn everything in less than a week, and then perform quickly under a ridiculous amount of pressure. I expect perfect milk foam on every latte, and drive times under 40 seconds. Also, she better know what setting I want my coffee ground on, because I don't even know what type of coffee maker I have. 

Saw a tweet or something once that said "*If you want a living wage, get a better job* is a fascinating way to spin *I acknowledge that your job needs to be done, but I think whoever does it deserves to live in poverty.*" Starbucks, and every other minimum wage job, should provide a living wage. Doesn't matter if it's a career or not. If literally every person had a white collar career, then you wouldn't be able to get your mcdonald's on the way to the kids soccer game. You wouldn't have someone to pick up your garbage for you. You wouldn't be able to get starbucks on your way to work. And if those jobs are limited to only students, then all the retail and food service places would be closed during school hours (about 8am to 4pm where I used to live).
Sorry, I should have said that *we* make billions of dollars for this company every year, but we only see a tiny fraction of those profits.
Well said
I think there are 7 questions and one of them is something like "how well did you feel the batista tried to get to know you today?" 
Something like that, I don't know if the score is based on all 7 questions or just that one or how it's rigged.
There's an algorithm that prevents regulars from getting surveys. People who go to a store that isn't their usual and get more complicated drinks are more heavily weighted to get surveys unfortunately. Our regulars have literally fought for us when a customer has gotten irate, and we connect with customers who come in for mobile, but still absolutely no change. We had a 60 in the summer, have only IMPROVED, and our score went down to a 30 so it's all BS.
We were promised a pizza party that never came 🙄
That’s entirely incorrect. Look at the section it’s under. It’s imputed income. 

>	Spotify Premium subscribers will see new line items on their earnings statements for this taxable fringe benefit. Starbucks is providing a credit to offset applicable taxes.
Wait really? Wtf...
As someone who is also just starting ASU, I feel the same. Could def use the free degree, but my hope is get in, maybe do some fuck around classes, and get out.
“Multitask into a mental breakdown” 
well put
You wouldn’t last at Target with that attitude.
DMs are not necessary. They read questions, created by corporate (maybe), in the hiring process. A computer can do it. If they can't run a store well, they aren't over seeing much. How do you fix problems, if you don't know how to run/fix the problems when they occur?

This is exactly the problem with middle, do-nothing, management. They are disconnected from the real world.

They aren't in stores, actually working, to see the problems and fix the problems. They only read the problems off their computers, and repeat them to SMs. Problems that aren't even real problems, and solutions that are a waste of funds and outright stupid in many cases (see the trash plunger, COVID shields on bar and DT, etc.,).

Again, I have never once seen a DM walk into a store and help it when it was needed, or ever. I have seen them plenty of times where they take SMs and partners off the floor, making the situation on the floor worse.

Most of the ones I know, and have personally worked for/under, are some of the worst of the worst.
Seriously, I felt used after that. My SM was also way too into it and would hear nothing negative about re-opening at limited capacity.
Exactly! If it was college students not looking for a livable wage, the stores would be closed during finals every semester lol
Yup “did the barista take time to get to know me?” Absolute crock of shit. Loaded questions sent to the pickiest and most pathetic customers. They don’t want you to succeed, so they make it that only 7/7 is considered good. Again, massive crock of shit, like most corporate survey systems.
That’s sounds more accurate 

Thanks for commenting
I only get surveys for the Tarbucks I visit and none of the other stores. I also ALWAYS get a survey when I visit. It’s weird as hell.
Just because they think they can measure something doesn't mean they can do it effectively or that it even matters. Just my opinion. I mean it's fast food not a Disney vacation.
They don’t take it out of your paycheck. Let’s say you made $10k this year and Spotify costs $10 a month. Sbux will report that you made $10,120 for tax purposes. I think it’s reported as imputed income?
No, not really.
Sorry you’ve had a bad experience with management. To say DMs do not do anything is not true, though. There are a lot of stuff that occur behind the scenes that the general employees do not see.
Huh, kinda makes me think that’s the training they’re given. Pretty fucked
I guess but it's the same for every Starbucks. Some have it easier with their clientele and setup for sure though.
Probably because Starbucks is worried about their brand- licensed stores operate differently and to different standards, they likely want to keep track of them
Sober pay taxes to have Spotify? That’s some BS
Still weird, I don't work at Starbucks but I thought free (actually free) spotify was one of the little things y'all got.
I think most companies that give little perks and benefits do that. Sucks but there are probably legal reasons for it.
When it comes to benefits like this one "free" is but isn't a thing. There is no cost to the employee but the amount it *would*  cost is considered to be compensation by the IRS so it has to be reported as taxable income. The same goes for getting a gift card or almost any other product or service for free as a benefit or bonus, and will be reported as earned or taxable income.
I didn’t even USE Spotify!
So there is a small cost...lowered tax return, not by much but still.
It’s only inputed if you sign up for Spotify. Didn’t sing up? No issues
You can check your pay stub to see if it's mentioned there , maybe it's somewhere you have to link an account for it to activate, maybe not. But check your pay stub
Yeah, the cost is maybe 15% of the 120, so about $18 a year (depending on tax bracket)
Just my opinion...

Seriously. At a time like this, the company NEEDS to discontinue the HONEY CITRUS MINT TEA to discourage sick customers from coming into the store. 

I told my manager this the other day, only to be met with "You really need to assume the best in other people". 

Nah. I don't fucking care. I know you people. I know customers. Coming through with HORRID coughs, sounding like they can hardly breath, wheezing, thinking that the "medicine ball" can cure you. And paying with CASH that we have to touch ontop of it all. Foul. 

Temporarily discontinuing the medicine ball would be a small, yet comforting, security blanket.
i don't think they need to necessarily discontinue it but i think they do need to publicly officially announce to the public that it does not have any healing properties.
I would always refuse to call that drink a "Medicine ball" at any chance I could get. I *used* to say "Oh, did you mean a honey citrus mint tea?" But ~~people~~ Karens will literally **fight** you over it if you do this, so instead I would simply acknowledge the drink as the tea and ONLY refer to it by its proper name.
Actual medicine balls ain't even medicine. It's exercise equipment!
Are you kidding me?! Starbucks hates you (the employee). You are a cost to production. A middle man between the customer and their cash. You are replaceable. They're COUNTING on their uninformed, dumb ass customers to come in for the drink with "medicine" in it and you can basically fuck yourself. <3
We had a dude come through today who was *genuinely* shocked that the medicine ball doesn’t contain any actual medicine and all it does is soothe your throat. It’s too dangerous of misinformation over a cup of hot gatorade. Changing the name hasn’t fixed anything, people still refer to it as a medicine ball, and they’ll still ask for it even if it is “discontinued” temporarily.
I have been HEAVILY pushing people just making their own at home since I’m inside Target and they sell both of the brand name teas.
Before this outbreak, I had *never* had a customer call it a "medicine ball" or a "sick tea" ... but now that's what *everyone* is calling it and it's all customers I've never seen before so I know they're coming in here 'cause they think it's gonna save them.
I've been pointing this out: people make a trip to our store for this drink. It's not medicine. It's not going to help you.

If you need something, go to the store. The store has actual medicine.

This fucking drink is tea and sugar.
You definitely shouldn’t be “assuming the best in people” especially during a pandemic. Medical professionals practice standard precautions in which you assume EVERY patient ( or in this case every customer) is sick and you must use the necessary precautions to avoid contact of bodily fluids and prevent transmission of disease. 

Of course baristas aren’t medical professionals and this drink isn’t a magic cure to the virus but your managers response is a bit ridiculous
[deleted]
~~temporarily~~
Why would a sane person think that a drink from starbucks have medical healing power?

Also please maybe be extra careful around customers who order this. Stay safe and take care!!!
Someone came through our drive thru, coughing and looking like runny death, and joked to me that I “should wash my hands after handling her money” and then sneezed a few times. I didn’t laugh because giiiiiirl, why would you go out of your way to shop with cash when you’re clearly still going to spread your germs? Rude.
I hate how so many starbucks managers main priority is kissing ass to customers who are rude af. There's so many situations where a customer is completely out of line but we have to appease them, which just encourages them to continue their bad behavior at every store they go to. And a lot of the time appeasing them means going against company/store policy, which just creates even more confusion and frustration for everyone involved.

Disappointing some customers by getting rid of the medicine ball temporarily shouldn't be the main concern.
Every time someone orders that I’m like I’m getting corona
My store has been out of both mint teas for about a week and oh man life has been good
Also to add, you basically have to manhandle the tea bags to get them out and separated from the tags. Even if you do your best to keep your hands clean that's still a great way to spread disease.
Even if they take it off the menu, sick folks are still going to show up at the store asking for it. Here's another idea: it's an anxious time for everyone and we'll get through it by staying calm and supporting each other. Handle *anything* from an HCMT customer? Wash your hands. I was doing this before the outbreak. It is a smart thing to do even during non-crisis times since the writing is on the wall with this tea and the people ordering it.
They’re still going to come in. They aren’t going to make a nationwide announcement that the drink is on pause or that they aren’t making it. They’ll order something else when they’re there so....
ugh, that sounds gross I'm so sorry people come in all gross:(
Then you will get crazy if you work in a pharmacy!!
This. I told a manager that we shouldn’t accept cash the other day and she laughed at me. Literally laughed. Said “We’Re A bUsInEsS?!?!” Like, I’m not a fucking idiot. Just a human being who cares for my fellow partners jfc
Eeeeeeee it’s been rainy and cold in socal, I get it because it tastes good especially when I’m cold. Not all of us think it’s a cure all.

Edit: I won’t call it a medicine ball though. I’ll mobile it.
Credit and debit cards actually have more germs than cash.
Or when they’re sick and still get a frap or iced mocha.... come on.
As a consumer/customer. I would hate to see that happen because that’s one of my go to drinks, however I get where your coming from cuz people do get that when they are sick. But I get it all the time when I am perfectly well because I enjoy that drink but I get it especially with all this corona virus shit
Tonight I told 3 different customers that we don’t have a drink called medicine ball. All of them then asked for a honey citrus mint. Fuck off 💀
I think you’re right. As a customer, I have a friend that swears by those things and she more often than not is sick(ly) when she orders them.

People suck and don’t realize that they need to saddown when they aren’t well.
Dawg I remember the first time I had someone order one, my whole team had never heard of it and we ended up googling it
can't sick ppl just microwave their own lemonade and pour it into their tea at home ffs
