I’ve loved starbucks since I was a kid (29, F). But after the recent price hikes and the announced changes to reward tiers I am so done with it. So many local coffee shops that provide better drinks
I’m sure I’m not the only one.
They took a good thing and ruined it. It’s too drastic of a change esp with the inflated pricing. I enjoyed getting a tumbler or cup of my choice. Honestly, those are actual marketing tools for them as well since everything has their name on it.
Yes, even most baristas I know say Starbucks coffee is the lower half of the scale of taste and quality.
Went in yesterday and got two drinks, one grande one venti with no customizations and spent nearly $15 dollars! I used to be a partner and when I first started only 2 years ago you could get two venti drinks for $10 or less.
I'm excited to start working on an at-home setup for drinks 😬
I’m in the same boat - $4.80 for a grande americano now is crazy! The personalized experience and relationship with the baristas is gone…and the reward changes is the final straw for me too.
My local coffee shop is about the same price but they offer free coffee and a sandwich at a "name your price" rate so even people who can't afford it always have access to basic drip and something to eat. There was a very sweet old man in there last time we went who utilized it.
I understand the sentiment behind these posts but dear lord, it just feels to me like we stay busy no matter what. ;-; Starbucks can keep doing whatever it wants and the machine keeps trucking along.
I wish I could find these "local coffee shops" everyone always raves about. I've never had a coffee from a local shop that I've actually enjoyed and they usually close around 1-2 pm which is not at all helpful.
[deleted]
I’m on batch 2 of making my own syrups. I’m a week sober of going to Starbucks!
You’re definitely not the only one. With the prices always going up, and the new rewards tier changes, I’m just slowly using up my stars and calling it quits. I won’t say I’ll *never* go back again because that’s not true, but I plan to severely cut back.
Long time customer and shareholder. The change to the rewards is disappointing. Previously, one could spend a hundred bucks, receive two hundred stars and use the stars for a custom drink (150 stars) and a pastry/muffin/bagel (50 stars). Now 300 stars are required for the same drink and pastry or 50% more. FIFTY percent is WAY more than inflation.  

The good news is that customers will be earning stars faster as the Starbucks raises prices. 

Between these changes, stressed out baristas due to staffing cut backs, Starbucks is no longer the coffee shop it once was. Time to move on.
Tomorrow is my last day working there!  14.5 cumulative years! Bye bye siren!
Same. My New Year’s resolution is to kick the Starbucks habit. The Starbucks for life game didn’t help either. I’ll buy a coffee if I need a place to meet/work, or a bathroom break, but my almost daily trips are over. My goal is to spend no more than $100 US in 2023 at Starbucks.
I went to local coffee shop and realized espresso is actually delicious
I wish the local coffee shops near me had comparable prices to Starbucks. A flavored iced oat milk latte at most coffee shops around me start at around $8. Unfortunately Starbucks is still cheaper! It’s also really hard to find non cold brew iced coffee anywhere other than Starbucks. Ugh
My husband and I both used to work for the bux and we never gave our money to Starbucks because we could make way better coffee at home for a fraction of the cost. We bought a little $300 breville espresso machine with a steam wand and learned how to make our own syrups and even our own cold foam!
I’m with you. I need to take the time to write into corporate. 

They are a shadow of the company they used to be and they should be ashamed. With their union busting and figuring out how to lean on the consumers to pay their employees so they make a living wage (I’m not saying y’all don’t deserve tips- I’m saying they can charge less, pay more, and staff more and allow us to tip for good service instead of removing themselves from responsibility). 

My venti almond milk chai with no water is $6.55. It’s literally chai concentrate and almond milk. I  would make it at home but haven’t found a concentrate that is still creamy, spicy and strong. The lines at my closest location are astronomical, and there’s never enough staff inside to support that. 

I am a former shift and I loved remembering my customers’ drinks and lives and making their day. Now, the partners are so overwhelmed that I have been going to the same location and getting the same drink for two years and only one partner sorta recognizes me. They’re not able to provide “legendary service” because they don’t have capacity, and I’m sure their tips reflect that. And then they ask in the customer survey if the partner connected with you! The audacity! 

I had two great SMs where I worked and it shielded me from the reveal that corporate did not care about us. I eventually found out the hard way that it was my managers that made my experience. 
 
They took away the free plant milk with Starbucks gold card. They increased the free drink to 150 stars, and now to 200. 

Whenever I go to Starbucks, I am voting with my dollar and saying that I agree with their practices, which I do not. I can’t support this, because it just feels awful. 

I’ll miss my warm, spicy chai as a treat, and how fun it is to get something for myself. But I’ve been right at the edge for a while and they pushed me over with the stars thing. They didn’t care about me as a partner and don’t care about me as a consumer. 

What a sham. They will be their own undoing.
I get a refresher and a bagel every morning. I spend between $1500 and $2000 a year there. The latest rewards change might be the end of it for me. I can pay $120 a year and get unlimited tea and caffeinated lemonade at Panera. Throw in a $2 bagel every day, and I'm spending maybe $600 a year. It's hard to justify spending so much more knowing it's only going to get more expensive.
Good for you. Supporting a local coffee house is always the way to go. They really care about the craft of making coffee and typically care about creating a nice environment for their customers and their staff. I hope to have the means to jump ship for one someday and work somewhere that we actually take pride in the drinks we’re making and not just slopping syrup into a cup. I’m not gonna complain and say using automatic espresso machines isn’t convenient, but I took a whole course in college and interned at a small coffee house and learned to weigh out the grounds and work a manual machine, someday I intend to use that knowledge.
Yep I decided the same thing! 100% agree. The prices are already outrageous
100% AGREED. They have the audacity to charge for extra cream or a pump of syrup for a 5 fucking dollar watered down iced coffee (creamer should always be free). Let’s not forget a grande iced coffee was $3.19 only two years ago and now it’s $4.98. They’re becoming like McDonald’s, the quality is going down and the prices are high. STOP SELLING NON-COFFEE ITEMS - too many people in the drive thru ordering too many non-coffee items. You have to spend $75 to get a free drink… they also rip people off on their stars. I remember getting only 2 stars for $5+ spent many times. Baristas are getting ruder but I don’t blame them. I’m about to start brewing my own coffee at home!!! I’ve been a customer for 15 years but about to quit Starbucks for good. All they care about is the fast cash and they’re going to lose their long term customers.
I've been drinking Sbux for 28 yrs, and every year starts out with a variation of "this mud tastes like crap, too expensive and I'm done", and within 4-6 weeks, said individual is back at the Bux, feeling a bit guilty but buying the same $6-7 for their fix. Good intentions.
[deleted]
Did you play the Starbucks 4 life game? That’s what ruined Starbucks for me.  All those “not a winner” shakes 🙄 could at least have given out stars instead of those
My girlfriend and I are in the same boat here. We’ve been starbucks regulars since college. I was a barista there for a few months, up until early covid. 

even after losing out on my daily free drink(a) we continued to spend tons of money there just because we’d go there so often and our orders were cheap, americano and tall iced coffee or tall iced espresso. 

The past 6 months or so though, we’ve started going much less, maybe once or twice a month, unless we’re on the road and there are no better options. Even then we’ll likely hold out for a dunkin’, or a local place, or even a smaller competitor like caribou or peet’s. The prices at starbucks have gotten absolutely absurd. Combine that with the labor issues, and it is very much a turn off from wasting money there.
Blendz coffee is so yummy! Not sure if it’s a thing in America though. There’s a bunch here in B.C, Canada!
Edit: they make their mochas n hot chocolate with real chocolate instead of powder/syrups. Also amazing staff.
Yea I’m cutting down on the starbucks this year. I’ll either create copy cats at home or go to other local coffee shops with reasonable pricing.
The taste itself is also going downhill. I always get an iced coffee with vanilla and breve. Pretty simple, right? This summer I started getting it almost daily because of a new job I got. Immediately within 2 weeks it tasted completely off. Like a soured fruit taste. Something was so off. And I kindly went and talked to a barista. I told them I was a former employee and just had to let them know hey, maybe you have a bad batch? The manager said they would continue using it until it was finished. Which was insane to me because it tasted awful. Not like it should taste. So I stopped going to this sbx in favor of going to a different one. But lo and behold, the same thing happens and either they changed the roast or something is completely wrong. But it is not worth it to me anymore, sadly.
Bummer. I just want my venti black americanos which is water basically and I have to pay like 5 bucks per
i know my time working at starbucks won’t be forever. and once i’m done working there, i’ll find a coffee shop that makes a salted caramel mocha that i’ll fall in love with as much as the one at starbucks and that’ll be it. or i’ll just make my own
The only thing that keeps me going is the ability to order ahead. If any of my local places offered that I’d be done forever.
Honestly the only reason I’m still a starbs customer is the convenience of a drive through. If I get into that mindset that I’m gonna be in the car for the next hour, I hate interrupting it to get out and go in to get coffee. Going in to more local establishments is a goal for 2023 for sure
Does anyone know if they will be keeping the 25 bonus stars for personal cups?
I already started cutting back on Starbucks after the last price increase. Now the rewards change resolidifies why I cut back. It’s not worth it anymore.
I’ve only bought something from Starbucks once.

It doesn’t taste the same when it’s not free 😭
Same here. I was just gifted a Keurig and honestly… I can’t tell the difference in my coffee. Plus, I get to try all different kinds of flavors, milks, and creamers to play with.
I’m surprised it took you this long to figure it out. To those that haven’t quit going to Starbucks, start quitting now. Here’s why:

Starbucks claims that the prices went up because of inflation and they raise the wages of their workers. Wrong. Workers are now getting less hours and hours cut pretty badly that they’re probably making less money in hourly wages, possibly getting what they used to make with the increase in tips via card tipping. The amount of money the CEO makes has probably increased more since Kevin Johnson, the douche has quit. 

I hope all baristas walk out forever and the company gets pounded into the ground.
I'm in the same boat. 

So many price increases, menu shrinking, quality just consistently going down. Now tier changes to rewards, and Schultz being anti-union was enough to push me out. I have a little bit left on my card, going to use that up, and the rest of my stars and peace out. I've been making coffee at home now for the last 2 months and it's great plus way more convenient.
I hate the quality of coffee comparatively, but I switched to Panera Sip Club. Coffee ain’t amazing, but unlimited for $11/mo is cheap enough it’s fine for a post-lunch coffee. I’ve got the good stuff at home for when I need it to hit right.
For a while now, I’ve only been going to Starbucks if they have offers to collect bonus stars. I’ve been visiting other coffee spots since then. I love the local coffee shops that use Ghirardelli for their sauces! There are a few I’d always choose over Starbucks now.
I’ve been kind of done with them ever since the rewards started expiring sooner. Or… maybe I just hadn’t noticed that before. The ones in my area are still having supply chain issues so it’s been a limited selection anyway. 

I’ve mostly switched over to Biggby. I’ll still stop at Starbucks sometimes but don’t really go out of my way
I feel the same way. I went to Starbucks every single day from the end of 2019- this past summer. I somehow halted down to going only 1 or 2 times a month now. I just got sick of it before the icing on the cake on the new stars rewards program. It’s laughable.
My plan is to reduce how much I go to Starbucks. I'll go to a local coffee shop near me
Fully agree! I’m done.
I will be quitting Starbucks too. 
1 cup is already too expensive but to take way the rewards value is not working for me eight. I am sure sad someone with more money will take my place but I will take my $10 a day and put it in a nice mom and pop coffee shop and leave Starbucks for others.
Starbucks prices have been ridiculous for a long time and only have gotten more so. A grande Americano - really jus a fancy coffee, obviously - is pushing or exceeding $4. Last year, I made the conscious decision for that reason - and a few others - to back off on my purchases. Now, I generally limit my purchases to days I go inside and sit down and read, primarily in the morning to start my day. 

Since I work from home most of the time, I just like to get out of the house during the "leaving for school" chaos. But in nice weather, I can sit somewhere outside and make my own coffee and take it with me or wait a bit and have coffee when I get home. When it is colder I do go inside more.  On days I am not going in, I often opt for a brewed coffee at Dunkin - I don't like Starbucks brewed coffee that much - or, this morning, I stopped at RaceTrac, an "upscale" gas station that has decent coffee (I do not have a coffee snob palate, as long as it is not dishwater or too strong, it works for me). 

The amazing thing is that based on the morning lines wrapped around almost any Starbucks I go to along with the crowds inside waiting for orders, the high prices don't seem to be fazing too many people.
Looks like I’ll be frequenting  the 10 7Elevens that are around me. I have 3 just on the way to work which is only 3 miles away. Decent coffee for $2.50 and they have flavored syrups now. And with their app your 7th cup is free

McD’s is also not half bad either.
Same here, they’ve been on the downfall.
I’ve been a daily customer for about a year but these coming changes are so demoralizing. Why so much greed???
Yeah it’s crazy. Medium espresso drinks are like $7-8 now. Might as well just get dunkin
Got a takeya cold brew maker, a coarse grinder, and a bunch of torani syrups for Christmas. Cya, Starbucks.
You were a kid at 29?! /s
no offense but why does everyone have to announce in this sub have to announce that they’re “never going back to starbucks again”? we get it the prices are getting high, and no one is forcing you to come to starbucks and everyone knows it’s expensive
As a black coffee drinker (yeah I’m basic) I would say that McDonald’s is better and more consistent. Better cups too if we are rating things. But the price difference is minimal in Canada and if there isn’t an independent store open or if I can’t make it at home I just go with whatever is closer. 

Starbucks is fantastic when you’re a student and studying (plug-ins, refills etc). If you’re looking for genuinely good coffee and people who love coffee to serve it to you there’s almost always a better independent option.
Where I live I was horrified to discover the local shops keep costs down by paying their baristas literal minimum wage, which where I live is still $7.25/hr. At least Starbucks pays a little closer to a living wage, plus a lot of benefits. Just thought I would add some perspective because two of my coworkers switched to the Bux when it was built for this exact reason.
Honestly same! I used to always go, but I found a local coffee place that’s got a much better flavor and the baristas are much nicer and friendlier to me. I earn more free drinks and I like the coffee a lot better!
I knew this was gonna happen, I believe this is why they didn't want to allow credit card tips because they knew they'd have to compensate for it.
I used to go everyday & decided to get myself an espresso machine & now I go maybe once a month. Best decision I’ve made.
Picked up a can of the instant today, figured I may as well make some at home at this rate - and even that’s expensive. Between $7-$8 for a can. I will support small coffee shops.
Yes I’m done with them too.. I have 400 stars imma gonna get a new cup and close off this app… is krazy I use to get a venti caramel macchiato and a pumpkin loaf and it’s like $11 dollars for two items…. I can get a shit ton of stuff from a local coffee shop
I’m a supervisor here and even im considering on applying to real coffee shops, local ones. This company is honestly ridiculous. Our customers deserve better and us employees deserve even much more.
Honestly the only reason I go to Starbucks is for a pink drink so…..not gonna be going that often either
I don't even care that much for them as a coffee shop. I mostly just go there when I have gift card money for there. They are just too expensive for what they are. I like some of their different flavors, but I would rather just go to McDonald's most of the time over Starbucks since it's cheaper and in some ways I actually prefer their quality. Sadly there aren't too many local shops in town, and the ones we do have are mostly not super convenient for me. I would love to try one though.
i switched companies to a small franchise based shop, and starbucks has no reason for their high prices. i do so much more labor when it comes to making drinks and hand crafting the food. plus beans are roasting in the building 🥴 i havent been back to starbucks since my last day. and after hearing about the rewards changing and just everything else, im glad i quit when i did cause i dont want to deal with customers thinking its my fault

edit: typo
As a barista our major staple to keep you hooked is just sugar. It’s the first ingredient in matcha it is in almost everything besides the teas
Same here
Yup me too! Pissed right off the hiked the prices right up and then decided to make it event harder to get use your rewards. I absolutely loved Starbucks for their drink. But honestly 6 dollars for a cup of coffee. No thanks...
Im done too. I was a 2-3x weekly, cut down to once a week. Just used my last 150 star reward. I love refreshers but I will probably start having more kombucha instead.
Yeah I think I’m going to cut back extensively… maybe only every so often as an exception, not daily like I’ve been doing.
They could at least make it so the stats don't expire. I don't frequent Starbucks a lot and under the new system by the time I spend enough to get 200 stars some will have expired and no free drink
I get that that's probably the point but it ain't gonna make me come more like the goal seems to be. I'll just go elsewhere
I don't even give people $5 giftcards for starbucks anymore. It's not enough for a drink. You need to give at least $6 now lol
Same once I learned re new stars rules that was my sign to stop 🛑
ok
I've never had a Starbucks drink I liked. On top of it, the way they treat their workers just turns me off.
And the local places always seem to have what I’m craving or wanting in stock 😌
I will admit that I hated coffee and will give Starbucks baristas credit for getting me over that by suggesting extra pumps, vanilla sweet cream cold foam, etc. However I’ve noticed the quality is down, the prices keep increasing and the employees seem to absolutely hate their jobs (which this forum has helped me understand). I went to a local coffee shop and was blown away that I didn’t need all that extra sugar & could drink their espresso with a single pump & a tiny splash of sweet cream! It was sooo good! After that I couldn’t even get through a small amount of Starbucks. The espresso doesn’t do anything for me as far as energy. $4.25 for a 20 oz at a local business versus $9 at a greedy corporation. I do feel bad for the employees but they’re doing themselves in in my opinion.
They're holding me hostage with the pistachio latte. It's coming back & I absolutely love it. I need to be able to buy an identical syrup. There are copycat recipes online but it's time consuming & needs to be used within a small timeframe. As much as I love it my adhd self cannot drink the same thing every day. Also I eould be so mad if I made it & it wasn't as good
My issue with “local coffee shops” is that none of them have anything bigger than a grande. For fancy concoctions sure a 16 oz is fine, but most of the time I order cold brew and that size won’t work for me.
Please do. Starbucks is terrible
I’m with you. Price hikes I understood but, changing up the rewards tiers after making this year’s Starbucks for Life game impossible to win anything, I’m done with the siren.
Oh no what will the billion dollar conglomerate do without your business
can y’all just start commenting on other posts lmaoo how many times do y’all have to announce this?
Ok
7-11 coffee is my favorite. I like it so much better than Starbucks and Dunkin Donuts.
Same I'm going strictly Dunkin from now on.
I’m also done. Quality down, customer service down, consistency down, rewards give back down. Fuck this. I’d rather pay double for good coffee than this.
I have no idea what the appeal is with Starbucks and I'm really glad they thoroughly failed when they tried to break into Australia.
Well, I'm glad something finally caused you to stop wasting your money there. It's kinda sad that it wasn't all the union busting or the crappy way they've been treating their employees, but hey. The end result is the same.
Please support small coffee shops! With the way starbucks treats its employees recently its about time to make a switch to support smaller businesses who treat there employees better
I’m done going there. It’s too expensive and unhealthy. Sucks because I have gift cards to there. I might trade them in for cash
Went to a starbucks in a movie theatre. They did not have peppermint syrup. 

Went to a starbucks in a target a week ago. They also did not have peppermint. How could they let themselves run out of a common ingredient? It just looks like sloppy management to me. The local coffee shops not only never run out of syrup, but they have a larger selection. 

Plus, making changes such as removing vanilla syrup from hot chocolate without announcing it rubs me the wrong way.  So I'm considering just cutting out starbucks completely.
And you thought others needed to know about this because???? Why don’t you just write a letter to Starbucks or smth, I am sure that would be the appropriate audience for your bickering 👍🏼
Look into a Breville Barista Express (expensive, but you can buy them used for way less). I haven't had the desire to go to Starbucks since I got one and I used to go several times a week.
Good. Our coffee is harvested using child/slave labor
It’s ok, but just so you know, prices are going up everywhere. It’s called inflation
Maybe this is a hot take on the rewards system - but businesses do not owe you free products…same goes for Starbucks for Life. I see so many posts on here that are like NOOOOOO A FOR PROFIT CORPORATION WON’T GIVE ME FREE STUFF!! The rewards system, Starbucks for Life, etc. that’s all marketing to make you keep coming back. If you don’t WANT to come back, that’s fine, but please stop acting like a business owes you bc you are a consumer there.
Most people have been done with Starbucks for 20 years. I honestly question the judgement of anyone who goes there.
[deleted]
I drink coffee.  *Actual* coffee (usually with milk, never sweetened).  I also know how to brew it at home.  So I’ve always had a limited relationship with Starbucks.  😆
Okay?
They raise prices at the end of every year, this is nothing new.
This is not an airport- no need to announce your departure.
I have travelled the world and seen the sights far beyond Brooklyn Heights, and I still haven't found any place that can make a london fog latte as good as the one that any random Starbucks on the Indiana Toll Road can pull off.
I’ll say it.  I’ll bet that coffee chains do not have too long.   Coffee has become so commercialized (not complaining about this btw) in that making good coffee (home espresso machines, fancy pour over setups, cold brew’s low bar of entry, etc etc) has never been so affordable and nearly idiot-proof. 

We used to go to cafes because that was the place to get *good* coffee.  Well if you can make good coffee at home, now easier and cheaper than even the early 2000s, we might see a downturn in national and regional coffee chains. 

Personally, I hope the chains go but the independent cafes stay.
I quit going everyday once I moved from Louisiana to Texas. I go maybe a few times a month. I usually get my own coffee from home now.
Feel the same. This will be the push I need to start making coffee at home. Trying to now just visit Starbucks when it’s the holiday times for holiday drinks- can’t resist those
I don’t want to be done, but I’m pretty much being forced to cut back.
Our stuff is not the best. I go out of my way to go to local shops over my store when i'm out because I don't want to spend money on garbage coffee. It sucks because I love to craft coffee beverages at home. While i'm limited on supplies, what I throw together tends to get positive feedback. I feel like I could definitely do something good at a local shop.
I miss the starbies from the 90’s bring that era back
the price hike is so that we (partners) can earn $15+ an hour. even tho that’s not a living wage the price hikes did help us somehow
The only reason I constantly go to Starbucks, is because there are so many of them so close to me. Plus, I can refill the app and if I'm low on cash, and want something, I will still have money in the app to get something.
I left them back in 2020, bought myself a Nespresso machine and haven’t looked back since lol.
Totally not the only one. I said the exact same thing. Peace out SB. ✌️👋🏼
Local is always better
If you do continue to go BRING A REUSABLE CUP for 25 stars. I believe this increase is a direct result of how easy it was to get free coffee and tea which was bumped to 100 stars from 50. At least by using a cup you get one free drink a week
I’m about there now. When the one by me opened up a couple years ago, I went all the time. I like their black iced tea and the hot chocolates. It wasn’t too expensive and I could rack up stars with all the contest their did but now I might get 50 stars if I go 3 times in a few days and iced teas cost $4.25 for a Trenta.
We have Dutch bros around here. The sugar free options are amazing! 

Caramel, vanilla, white chocolate, Irish cream, peppermint, coconut, strawberry, peach, raspberry, chocolate, macadamia nut and hazelnut. 


I just can’t justify going to Starbucks with only one sugarfree flavor option.  It’s boring.
agree!
Agreed, even when I worked at Starbucks , I’d get Nespresso from the mall across the street because arguably it was much cheaper 😭(now I stopped being lazy and got a normal espresso machine but not the point). Till last week I still went to Starbucks as a customer. 

The orders were becoming way expensive. The partners at my local Starbucks were stressed and tired more than ever ; as if the fun of everything has been sucked out of them (obviously due to what’s happening alot) and I was not gonna be that person to be coming back to correct them (because I knew how it felt like) and I was not gonna accept paying  $6^ for a drink I didn’t order either ;  so I stopped going. 

I hope for all Starbucks partners to have the peace they all need. I know that it was not flowers and daisies when I was working there , but soon there needs to be an end to this disastrous route the company is taking and until then I’ll make coffee at home and support smaller businesses.
I was a manager up until 12/13/22. I’m glad I’m going back to teaching after taking a 2 year coffee break. I’m only stopping by the bucks on my way to work every now and then because my team still treats me like family. My old store doesn’t know how to follow the simple 30% off discount. Communication amongst the company is extremely lacking. I know teaching isn’t much better, but I’ll have my control back and I have 3 degrees in teaching, not degrees in Starbuck’s management. Lol. Get out if you can! New CEO has a focus of mobile orders being the priority (virtually destroying the third place completely and for me, that’s what gave me my love for the bux back in 2007). Thanks to the third place, I met my now husband. He was a regular and I was a barista. Now, the goal is strictly all about times and not getting that third place vibe!
So far the only reason I’ve still been going is because it’s the only coffee shop on my college campus. A new one is opening up this month and hopefully it’s more reasonably priced. Shocks me to say it, but I think this is the end of my Starbucks days.
It seems like local coffee shop baristas are also happy at their local coffee shop. Who wants a SBUX drink made by someone who can’t put their heart and soul into a drink because “dt times” It’s not a handcrafted drink anymore, when said barista is drowning on bar, short staffed, and having their hours cut, while being told that if they want those hours they need to be faster. Trying to get myself out of this matrix because SBUX doesn’t care anymore. Good luck everyone
I’m glad I’m not the only one feeling this way. The change in the reward system was the final nail on the coffin for me. I won’t be spending one more dime in a Starbucks, unless someone gifts me a gift card. Am I going to reject someone buying a drink for me? Most likely no.
Yeah, it really doesn't make sense anymore. When I go now it's only with my girlfriend who's a partner so we get a discount (or sometimes they comp us the drinks cause I'm well-liked at her store), otherwise I just go to the coffee shop right under my apartment where I can get my 5 shots over ice for $3.50
If I didn’t work there and get a free drink, I would definitely go to other, smaller places 😅
Yes please support your local coffee shops
Went to Tierra Mia Coffee this morning for my latte before going to work.  I'm not going to Starbucks as much because of the quality of the coffee. Plus I drink tea on the days I work from home and weekends. I brew my own tea at home.
I’m a partner and I rarely go to Starbucks on my days off. I either make coffee at home or go to a local place because it’s better and it would be cheaper if I didn’t have a partner discount
Over the past year, I’ve remained a customer only because they reel me back in with the large star qty challenges ( unless it’s 50-100 I can’t be bothered ). So I almost lost my sh$& when I got wind of the rewards changes and was “thisclose” to tossing in the towel in outrage.  However , I found out later that the highest tier (400 stars) and lowest tier (25 stars I believe) remain unchanged . I ONLY use my stars to redeem for cups (400 stars). That is the ONLY reason I’m still here . If that ever changes or the cups get so ridiculous in price (and we’re almost at that point actually!) that the difference I have to pay to get the cup after the $20 credit no longer makes it seem like a reward , then I’m out . Because after that there’s simply NOTHING left to entice me. I’d have said maybe in December for eggnog lattes but those are gone too and replaced with the absolute vomit-inducing “sugar cookie latte”. Gross times 1,000
I would def recommend skipping on Sbux and supporting local business’s. The way they have jacked up the prices, not given us raises that are
A.) sustainable to live off 
B.) cut our hours making work hell & even LESS sustainable to live off

It’s all going to the people at the top. They don’t give a fuck about us or the customers like they say they do. You’re better off supporting smaller companies that are cheaper, treat their employees and customers better, and don’t profit billions a year.
Agree- S-bucks is over-priced and low grade.  Plus the corporation/owner supports the Gaza massacre.
I think the tumbler/cups are still 400 stars, at least
It's always been a $20 cap for tumblers.
Yes now it’s 50 more stars for a free drink.
I always see my Starbucks barista at my local coffee shop. Lol
You’re not lying. It’s very mids compared to almost every other competitor.
I worked at Starbucks across from a seattles best. I always liked Seattles Best more than Starbucks. It was funny to be able to look out my Starbucks window and wave to the Seattle’s Best employees looking out their window.  But there are many other coffee roasters I prefer over Starbucks. But Starbucks will always have a special place in my heart. I just know it’s not the best coffee.
Yeah I find my nespresso pods taste better than starbucks now lol
Most of it is designed to have the widest reach possible (flavor wise). That’s why stuff like Pike is so inoffensive and unexceptional.
It really is
I felt like it was a very small percentage of customers who were coming for the taste of the coffee. Most were in it for the sugar high.
I'm a partner right now and it baffles me how some people come every day for their same $10 drink
I got a tall iced coffee yesterday & my wife got a tall peppermint latte and it was $11
Truly the way to go and you’ll save so much money.
Getting an Aeropress changed the whole game for making my coffee at home; it’s super versatile, very easy to clean, and only ~$30.
Even if you busy $150 for a small machine, accessories and flavorings, it'll pay for itself in 20 lattes minimum.
The reward changes is what really pushed me over the edge
Fabulous!! I’ve never heard of this used in food service, just fundraising events or opening night theatre.
I was looking for this comment. In my years of customer service I’ve only had two regulars profess they’re never coming back, and actually mean it. Whether they’re addicted to the sugar or the caffeine, I’ll see them tomorrow.
I know. I hate it. The lines at my local Starbucks haven’t decreased at all. They’re getting away with it and will continue to.
Starbucks will keep pushing the price until such time as there is a decrease in net profits. As long as there are people willing to pay the price, Starbucks has no problem increasing it.

And across the USA, whenever a company gripes about increases in the minimum wage "hurting their ability to operate," just look at the company profits year-over-year. They are going up faster than any increases in operating expenses due to increased wages.
They’re too big to fail. It’s the cooler thing to have, even if just for the name. Plus there’s gotta be some number of people who see the line wrapped around the building and decide to skip it today, so when all the people who decide to swear off of it stop coming, their gap is gonna get filled right in.
They're selling legal drugs what do you expect
[deleted]
I have a lovely local coffee shop near me. But it’s located off a busy main street in our downtown with street only parking. With two kids and one on the way convenience tends to win out.
I was thinking the same thing, but I just googled "local coffee shops" and returned 8 with in a 5 mile radius. That's not counting DD, Panera, or Starbucks. I knew of one local shop that's been growing and getting more locations, but guess I'm going coffee hopping after my 5000 stars run out. 

I'm not above squeezing the last bit of free out of them.
i’ve had good coffee from a local coffee shop but it still costs like $7-8 which sucks
Where I live the local coffee shops are a lot more bitter compared to Starbucks and I think local coffee shops are a Westside thing.
The coffee shops in my area are full of too many snobby people. I rather just go to Dunkin' or Starbucks at that point. And I haven't had Starbucks in months.
My local coffee shop has been a blessing during COVID and my switch to WFH . The owner is a retiree and a huge coffee freak who will chat endlessly about beans with anyone who's interested. The store has plenty of light, spacious tables, and lots of outlets for people to plug in their computers. I find it superior to the Starbucks experience in every way and it only cost me about $2-$3  more per visit depending what I order.

Alas all good things come to an end. It's been noticeably slower for the last few months and recently they stopped selling food items due to minimal demand.   Then more recently they switched their closing hours from 5:00 p.m. to 4:00 p.m.   Now to start 2023 they told me that they're going to have to switch the closing at 3:00 p.m. which will make it too difficult for me to use it a regular work spot. Owner told me their lack of business is attributed primarily to just difficult parking in the area. 

Looks like I'll be heading back to Starbucks more often and having to pack up my computer anytime I use the bathroom for fear of it being stolen because there's always some tweaker lingering outside the windows.
Around me, more shops are opening that are coffee shop/wine bars. Presumably so they can be open all day
Yeah same here :( they all close at 1-2 and are only open 4 days a week. Not to mention the coffee is a hit or miss at most of them.
That's the biggest thing that keeps me going to Starbucks. They're *everywhere*. One app, and I can mobile order coffee about anywhere in the country.
There’s also the fact they usually aren’t open early enough for my schedule either.  Or way out of the way. Super crappy.
I live in a small town and we have a couple besides a new Starbucks. Their coffee is good, but a large iced coffee is like 16oz and costs as much as a Trenta at Starbucks.
Where do you live?
I used to have a lot of options in Alaska, but sadly my small southern town has 0 local shops for an hour in any direction
Mine is open until 6 but closed Sunday and Monday. It seems the tinier the town, the better the coffee. My town is rather Hallmark movie like but we have 2 of the best coffee shops I’ve ever been in! One has Wi-Fi and lots of people go there to work. It seems the larger cities have them but you definitely aren’t going to find any sweetener or anything like that.
There's a lot of good local coffee where I live but I don't drive or live within walking distance & thry're pretty much all closed when my bf gets off work at 5. Some even close on weekends. The ones that do stay open are so busy it's hard to find parking & a 20min wait is possible
Yeah I work night shift so I’m typically in line at 6 pm. I pass 3 coffee shops on my way to work with Sbx being 1st, Dunkin being 2nd, and a local being 3rd. I stopped going to Dunkin because they messed up my espresso drinks AT LEAST 50% of the time. The local shop closes at 6 pm so I’d have to leave my house earlier to get there then there’s no drive through and depending on how busy the bar next door and the pizza shop on the other side are, there may be no parking spaces. Now Sbx is being a pain in the ass so choices…
This. We used to have several in my area but most closed during COVID. :(
I noticed that too, and it’s bc no one is going. They know they are going to sit there for an extra 6 hours for maybe one customer. They need to adapt and switch strategies to fix this. Firstly I would suggest marketing themselves, events, etc they don’t seem to make a notable appearance
I’ve been really turned off by this too. 
Especially paying more for the milk choice. $8 for a TALL or even GRANDE makes my head hurt. 
Honestly, the consistency of the latte taste and the awesome baristas are what pulls me in but it’s getting too pricy. ☹️
Thats pretty cool! Are they better than the torani ones?
I'm in the same boat. I know things have sucked for a while, but this was the thing to break my Starbucks routine.
I think we can all acknowledge that prices naturally increase and rewards programs may need to be adjusted from time to time because companies need to continue being profitable. 

But in the fantasy world that I imagine, companies like Starbucks would be more transparent and when changes are made, they explain specifically why these changes need to be made. Be honest with the people who helped make you successful. But the changes to the Star Rewards program are so radical that they don't seem to reflect the actual increased costs. 

Starbucks is a $100 billion dollar PLUS corporation, it did lose some value since July 2021, but all signs show that its value is increasing.
I feel this. If someone wants to meet at starbucks, sure. But would I grab it everyday on the way to work, nope
Congratulations!!
$100 budget should get you about 2 coffees the way the prices are going up 😂

Good for you trying to kick the habit! I’m also wanting to do the same this year!
That was my resolution also only I had already cut back from going a couple times a day to maybe going once a week if that. It’s now a hobby to hunt out local coffee shops when I travel although I honestly think I’m pretty blessed to have one of the best 5 minutes from my house! $4.25 for a 20 oz iced espresso!
I recently went to a local coffee shop and had an espresso that had strawberry notes. Damn it was delicious.
Dude this is so true. Starbucks espresso is sooo wack
Same!!!
Buy a pitcher and make your own iced coffee at home for a tiny fraction of what you pay at SBUX. Here's my recipe: make hot coffee; let coffee cool; put coffee in refrigerator; wait until cold; serve over ice; done!
Same. I am using up my 587 stars and just bought 4 bags blonde and 3 bottles of syrup and whipped cream. I make my own sugar salt topping.
SBUX bagels are very basic and not worth the money unless you're desperately hungry and they are the only place open. I think your idea for you to switch to Panera makes a lot of sense (and cents and dollars!).
Given how baristas are being treated I don't plan to spend any of my money at Starbucks until the company changes course. Their mask has started slipping and it seems like a far less ethical company than it was even 10 years ago. 

It is just overpriced fast food coasting off of an unearned reputation at this point.
I’ve been hearing this quite a bit
I had the same experience, and this was the first thing that started to turn me off Starbucks. For me, though, it was with the frappuccinos. They started to taste fake to me, without any of their previous deliciousness. I tried switching over to iced chai lattes, but found them watery without 2+ customizations. What with quickly increasing prices, I decided to stop going. Good thing, too, what with all the negative things they're doing lately, such as (as you point out) pushing tipping to avoid paying their employees a living wage, raising stars needed for free items by 50%, and yet more increasing prices.
Quad shot espresso, and then maybe a Venti water? It'll cut a dollar off the cost, and usually as long as you're nice, baristas won't mind :)
You can ask for light water.
And a bag of beans is 15-20
Mine does!! I just call which granted a mobile app is easier however I don’t have to pay until I pick up which is nice. The amount of times I’ve done a mobile at Starbucks only to have to ask for a refund because it’s been 30 minutes is a pain. I always feel awful but I can’t spend my entire lunch waiting on a coffee
Hard facts. If I couldn't get it for free, wasn't worth it. Lol. I went to local shops if I wanted coffee outside of work.
Without paying an arm and a leg lolll
Does that mean they are both bad?
I love the SB iced caramel macchiato and I just can’t make it the same. I don’t know what the secret is. I want to know.
Love this: I have became a passionate anti-Starbucks. I wish people would wake up, and see they are being taken for. Coffee is not science, and almost all their drinks are sugared down, causing you to go into a nausea sugar state needing food 30 minutes later. If you like throwing 2-6 grand away, for a sugary drink, with remember only 2 shots of espresso, that’s all the coffee you are actually getting, then charge extra bc you can’t drink reg milk, okay. It’s just a bunch of syrups. Guys come on, when  I see someone say if it hits 8$ they will stop going, I’m thinking wow, I was dumb enough to pay 7.60$ each time. That’s too much. When a cup of coffee cost more then 3 gallons of milk, and Ohh realize this, maybe then it will sink in.
I don’t know before I quit going, I had 118 stars. That didn’t seem right, when I went through my history I had spent over 230$, and I did scan my app each time. So I just deleted the app, don’t care about the so called rewards at that point. They mind as well abolished it. I used to add money to the app to get two points but I stopped doing that bc what people may not know is it actually runs the same way as gambling. You end up continually putting money in it. So I stopped that and went to just getting one sat per dollar. So I would have to spend 200$ just to get one lousy sugar coffee. Just remove the program all together then. Spend 400$ to get that sad bento box. No thanks
The sad part is, is that dd is trying to stay in sync with Sb’s now, and cont raising their prices, and their food is straight nasty. If your just going for a reg coffee, I see no issues there, if you like there beans. But anything else, is the same price now
Because we hope starbucks will see how customers really feel about these changes. And we hope that eventually it’ll have a material $ impact on their bottom line
Honestly though, my local coffee shop, a 16oz iced coffee is usually $6-7. It’s $5.30 at Starbucks for 30 oz.
Why do you feel compelled to complain about people complaining? You could simply ignore it.
Did you come here, to put down other people? Bc that’s all your comment did.
Mine paid their employees from Christmas Eve through today and they got a paid weeks vacation. So happy for those employees, they work hard and deserve it! Cannot wait to see them all tomorrow!
Yep we have a few local ones that pay low wages. And then I hear “well we can’t afford to stay in business if we pay them more.” Then it sounds like you don’t need to be in business if u can’t fuckin pay your employees a livable wage.
what? credit card tips don’t make the company lose money.
Why do they need to compensate? Is it because there is a fee associated with credit card tips?
This has nothing to do with credit card tips. The company is just growth-obsessed and wants as much money as possible.
I hope you do! There are some awesome baristas but they also seem to be hiring people that just don’t care anymore. Turnover is crazy and I want to see the good ones get out and be happy!
I think maybe the key to the dynasty was getting people like myself who hated the taste of coffee hooked on the sugars and syrups. Then one day you realize you actually don’t need all that junk and have a good cup of espresso somewhere else. I could be wrong but pretty sure it was all the sugar making me feel energized
I love this comment and when Starbucks employees reply with "Alright, see you tomorrow then." 🤣 💯
There's multiple posts on several topics. If this is the case then should people not do the same for all the "my hours were cut", "why to unionize", "look at this order we got during peak!" posts? They're all the same too. Imo let people post what they want and keep scrolling if it bothers you that much. The mods will deal with it if it's an issue.
Why do you feel compelled to complain about people complaining? You could simply ignore it.
Starbucks actually treats us very well as far as benefits. For example,  just started with the company 6 months ago and already have like 4k in 401k. As far as treating employees, that's on the manager too.
Please get help and i mean this in the nicest way possible
This is wild to me because the London fog is one of, if not the easiest, drink to do a better version of. Typically all you have to do is use a decent earl grey.
I honestly do think Starbucks is on a downward spiral. Wouldn’t surprise me to see them start closing locations by years end. I have a Keurig but I know myself and right now I’d just rather go pay $5 at my local shop as make it at home. Eventually I would love to invest in a nice Espresso maker but until I discipline myself a bit a daily coffee run it is!
Only up to $20 I believe. So if it costs more then you pay the difference.
This perk goes away in February 😭looks like they are completely nerfing the program  https://www.starbucks.com/rewards/terms-coming-soon/
They're changing the star redemption mid Jan or Feb and bags of whole bean coffee will be 300 stars vs the current 400.
this is me🤣 when I’m off i’m not spending my money at starbucks… I get a discount and sometimes we get it for free but i still pay full price somewhere else
There's a coffee shop right across from the Starbucks I work at that I go to all the time 😭😭
This was me when I worked at Starbucks! I would always go to a little mom and pop coffee shop called Priscilla’s 😍
What gives them away?
It’s better than Dunkin’ which is pretty much the only chain competitor in the Eastern half of the country, but yeah on the west coast it gets hosed
I don't think it's fair to say that Cookiemonster is lying. Rather, I suspect excessive cookie consumption has ravaged his/her ability to recognize good coffee. 

Seriously though, Nespresso is actually pretty good, but for ethical reasons, I wouldn't touch their product, even if they gave me a free unit. Besides, with the right bean, my inexpensive espresso machine, or my French press can produce vastly better espresso or coffee from home than any coffee shop. 

It's not difficult to do from home, but a lot of people are either too busy, too lazy, or think it's too complicated, or too expensive.
Fun fact: Starbucks owned Seattle’s Best until 2022. They just recently sold it.
I used to respond to people who tell me that ‘Starbucks isn’t good quality coffee’ with “I know. I’m not a coffee drinker. I’m a Starbucks drinker. My tongue wants what it wants.” 

My experience at other coffee shops has been mixed bag: A small one-off in my old neighborhood didn’t carry fat free milk, but their matcha lattes were the closest I’d found to ones I’d had in Japan. Caribou would deliver sugary caffeine in a pinch, but they lack sugar free options. I’ve tried several others with mixed results. There’s another in my airport that has flavored powders rather than syrup, but I forget their name and the drink had a grittiness I wasn’t a fan of. 

Over the last year I’ve carried my own SFCDL syrup in a travel squeeze bottle when traveling and it’s helped scratch the itch when there isn’t a SBux around, and the larger bottle with a pump lives in my car. I’m a creature of habit, what can I say?
I honestly don't go for the coffee.  They recently had a hot water machine fixed (for drip, tea and well hot water) and the drip did taste better, but it is still mostly meh.  But I can use a table for a couple of hours and tip them on the refill. That's the only value to me.
Most of the partners I know prefer other coffee chains and also most dont like coffee 😂 We have so many coffee shops in our City so lots to choose from.
Oooh, good to know! I’ve been thinking about getting one
Inoffensive is not how I would describe Pike. It's vile.
A $10 drink with no tequila in it would be a tough sell for me. My drink is $7.55 with my special milk and syrup, I will def try to quit them if it goes over $8.
When I first started going to Starbucks as a teenager I would get a tall iced coffee for $1.98. And that was only like 10 years ago!
It’s honestly so crazy. I noticed the price increase but since I got free drinks I never noticed just how bad it was because I was never the one paying for it. I’ve only been to Starbucks twice since leaving because I can’t even begin to justify the price.
As a current partner I push the Aeropress to anyone who will listen as I agree it’s a game changer. Unfortunately, I feel like many people of the people I talk to about it are reluctant to believe something so cheap can make such a great cup of coffee. It’s a weird thing.
Absolutely love my AeroPress.  Make a perfect cup everytime
I recently did this, like this past week, I got an espresso machine berville I think it’s spelled, ordered flavors I like, got my beans, my oat milk, totaling around 800&. But I was spending 300 or more a month in coffee, that’s just once a day, then ofcourse if my kids wanted something I could not turn them down when I’m getting something so a lot of times more than that. So I’ll get my money back in about three months for something that has a 5 year warren (the machine).
[deleted]
What changed?
Mine has increased business. The other day was the busiest I’ve ever seen it. Ever ever ever. I was shocked when I walked in (and grateful for mobile ordering 😉)
And the way they only give like 20 cent raises but pretty much have doubled the price is ridiculous. Tbh the lines r probably longer cause they have severely cut hours 🥲🥲
I hope one day people see them and call them out the way victories secret was
And typically closed on Sundays! Like I need it the most Sunday morning.
Yes, once you have kids you realize how amazing drive thrus are.
I can relate. There’s two local ones that people have said are good. One is in the busy downtown area and the other is on a main road that takes me 15 min to get to. The SB is less than 5 min down the road for me. I’ve tried a couple other local places and they’re not that special, taste no different than regular coffee you can make at home.
Yeah why do they close at those hours?
Squeezing the last bit of free out of them is the right move. This company sucks, might as well cut into their profits by getting the free stuff they promised those stars would be worth!
Except that that money is directly going back to the workers and supporting your local area versus lining the pockets of shareholders who see you as nothing but dollar signs
Yeah the only coffee place that isn’t super expensive where I live is the one run by my university. Drinks average about $2-3 there which is much better than Starbucks but they close at like 4pm.
I’ve been sharing [this recipe](https://lifestyleofafoodie.com/sugar-cookie-syrup-recipe/) for the sugar cookie latte syrup.

I think I’m going to make a second batch of it today and find chestnuts to make [this chestnut praline syrup](https://mommakesdinner.com/chestnut-praline-latte/) next.

They are sooo good and I’m shocked at how cheap syrups are to make. Why buy them for $15 when they’re less than a dollar to make without all the preservatives and dyes!
I used to drink cream and sugar in my coffee, one morning I was able to drink coffee with no sugar. IDKW maybe old age. So now I am trying coffee with a thick almond milk, since I’m trying to limit my dairy. I will miss my half and half.
I made a peppermint syrup for the holidays.
It was $29 billion in revenue this last year, an almost 8% increase from 2021. They're doing fine. That said, the rewards program has always been shit, in my opinion. $200-$400 worth of stars to get a cup. $25 worth of rewards for a shot of espresso. I know that it's a loyalty rewards program, but the amount you have to spend to get the rewards never seemed worth it to me. I worked at Sbux for 5 years, and I refused to drink it if I wasn't working. If I couldn't get it for free, wasn't worth it. Lol.
The increased cost excused are lies; their profits rose by 10.98 from 2021 and if you check their public records, they did not struggle from inflation nor supply chain, although the CEO made this claim as his excuse for the constant price hikes every three months. The amount they made in 2022 was beyond high, 32.25 billion
Some espresso with “fruit” notes in it don’t actually naturally contain those flavors. Instead, they add aromatic oils by spraying or soaking onto the beans. Pretty disappointing that the espresso with peach notes in it didn’t actually naturally have those.
I love dark roast espresso generally but order the blonde espresso at SBUX. It tastes better and costs you the same as the regular espresso.
I make my own at home now with a chemex literally the BEST iced coffee! But when I’m busy it’s just much easier to run into a Starbucks and so disappointing that it’s insanely expensive now for what it is!
I actually don't mind them. They aren't the greatest, but they are edible and they don't spike my blood sugar so I can eat one then not be left hungry later in the day.
Yayy I'm gonna try that ty ;*)
True that, I just mean light or lots of water itl cost the same and it's gotten so expensive and I'm not getting as.many stars as I used to
When I’m at the office we have a great local place next door that it is encouraged to leave whenever to pick up a drink. It’s just my mornings!
They are, but hey, at least you get the same experience while still getting to put needless plastic waste into a landfill.
No haha this made my giggle though.
Well, when you've tried to make it, how did you feel yours wasn't the same?
Dunkins medium iced latte with caramel craze sauce (equivalent to caramel drizzle) is like $5/6 and their medium is actually a size large for starbucks. Their espresso is not the best but it’s drinkable. As for the caramel craze sauce, get a pump or two less. I wouldn’t drink their iced coffees tho lol
I am glad you posted. I am also done. I appreciated the app and convenience at the start of the pandemic but cut back after the previous price increase. The altered star redemption model is the last straw.
unfortunately starbucks is extremely greedy and money hungry and will never truly care about their customers opinions
By posting on reddit? Wouldn’t an email directly to corporate be better? Tweet directly to Starbucks?
not sure why you got downvoted, i was thinking the same thing the other day!! yes starbucks is outrageously expensive with how much we charge for certain add-ons, but my local coffee shop i love to go to on my day off is $6 and some change for a 24oz iced latte. prices are up everywhere, not just starbucks
you could’ve ignored my comment as well, these posts are just as frequent and irritating as people complaining that they didn’t win starbucks for life. we get it, we don’t need to see 20 posts about it per day
That’s awesome, and I am glad to hear it’s not all of the small shops that treat their staff so poorly.
Yes
Oh no, don’t get me started on Turnovers. I’m mainly an afternoon shift. So morning shift and morning employees don’t bother cleaning, certain ones just want to be stuck on bar and nothing more, but as soon as i start i ask to make sure one of the morning crew gets that bar cleaned up before they leave because i am not cleaning any staff’s mess. They know better.
That is very true. Half the reason I joined but I don't have a lot of benefits rn for reasons. I plan on that changing soon but the hour cuts, the way our employees are being treated, understaffing issues. It's obviously not a perfect company if people feel the need to unionize and protest.
I think Starbucks also uses a vanilla syrup that I just happen to like a lot.
I think it's only been up to $20 for a while though? I know I've had to pay the difference before.
it’s been that way for years
In Canada the majority of those tumblers start at 32 bucks... 🙄🙄🙄
Someone posted a pic of a weekly update for partners that showed the 400 star cup reward wasn't changing, either they figured there was no reason to include it in this update or they're changing it but didn't formally announce it. Either way, super unclear u\_u
But now you can buy snacks with 100 stars? At least that's a win. Cant even get a markout for that.
It will stay the same at 400 stars. You can always just pay the $4 remainder too.
Do you not get 3 free handcrafted drinks a day anymore as a perk?
In the 13 months I was a barista, I NEVER went to Starbucks as a customer on a day off.
Same and I’m usually going with my sbux T-shirt on lol
We order in tall, grande, and venti.
I only drink black coffee, and ill say as a former barista that Dunkin's coffee is sooo much better than Starbucks.
there’s a shit ton of nice shops in the east idk what you’re talking about
There are smaller chains over here like Aroma Joe’s, Top Donut, Heav’nly Donut and Caffe Nero which have better coffee than both of them
did u bust a fat one typing this out
I totally think there was a way to say this without passively shitting all over people who don't have a French press or an espresso machine.
"It's not difficult to do from home" \* proceeds to list numerous ways that it IS difficult to do from home\* lmaoooo
I honestly have no idea what you’re trying to say here in relation to my comment. 

r/lostredditors?
Ah yes the Starbucks mission: *to acquire and destroy competition, one purchase, one merger, one neighborhood at a time*…..why pay partners more when we can waste that money by driving a business in to the ground then dissolve or sell for a loss….*cough* Teavana *cough* Clover *cough*
I had no idea! Haha! Well the coffee is better. That’s so funny. I guess that makes sense why they were across from each other.
Worse yet they sold it to an even more despicable company of nestle
[deleted]
Totally agree with this. There is something quite nice about consistency. I do like Starbucks for this purpose. I know I can always get an oat milk or coconut milk latte. It’s a toss up if a smaller place has that. I’ve also found these very snobby type coffee places in more hip cities. The ones that only allow for low fat milk or they don’t have sweeteners or half and half. Los Angeles, San Antonio, San Francisco to just name a few cities I’ve visited with these places. I like an americano or drip with half and half and that’s it. Asking for half and half in one of these places was like insulting them. I would just roll my eyes. Like, yeah dude. I know a good cup of coffee doesn’t need these things. But I like them.
   
I’ve had enough coffee all over and have done a lot of my on grinds and brewing to know a near perfect cup of coffee. I don’t need it forced on me. I’ll take their perfect brew and add a shit ton of half and half and syrup if I want. It’s just so pretentious and stupid to me. A gimmick.
You would love my local shop! They have about a dozen sugar free syrup!
I heard that from a lot of people, especially ones that travel a lot. They want to get their special drink and want it to be the same, not some version of whatever the local place makes.
I do the same when I just need to work remotely for a little bit. I’ll usually just get a drip coffee. The WiFi is usually great!
Oh you have no idea how much this comment speaks to my soul. Lol. This is me to a “T”!
I wish everyone realized how easy it is to make their own lattes, fraps, etc. if they did, greedy corps would go down.
The price above is in Canadian dollars, including tax.  Will have to investigate this!
Good tip!! Might wanna double cup the espresso and ask for it in a grande cup if you want to pour the water on top of the shots. This probably wouldn't work for mobiles though since I don't think you can mobile order water.
I believe you are correct, bc I’ve been making these at home waiting on my order to arrive. I use exactly what you just stated, equal part shot and water. I like flavored and non flavored coffee. I am an also avid tea drinker but since my fav teas were pulled and I can’t find them locally, I stopped drinking tea
😂 people complain about inflation and prices and then go pay…at least I can say I did stop, I’m also quite stubborn so out of principal, I’ll count the days like I’m in AA haha
Right! Exactly! Your paycheck barely changes at all and they’re making profit hand over fist. They’re destroying themselves.
Yea, and then started using the payment tablets to first ask for tips before you can even pay, why are they having customers pay their employees, you’re not waitresses! And I think that even changed for waitresses. (Could be wrong) they make wayyy to much profit to be so greedy with their pay to employees
At the previous place I lived, the closest coffee shop was closed on Sundays. It made zero sense to me.
I will drive like 10 miles farther to avoid having to get my son out of his car seat lol
Yep. I can’t justify finding parking and the unloading everyone to cram into a tiny coffee shop. Plus then trying to buckle them back in with street parking? No.
Or dogs that enjoy their “pup cups.”
Yeah, I just wished I'd known the misto trick before all this. I'm still gonna use it, but it doesn't feel like as much of a deal. Although, I can get that drink up to over $10, so it's still a bit of an accomplishment to me.
More like going to the owners who pay their baristas less than Starbucks does and don’t offer any benefits.
never said it wasn’t, it’s just not a cheaper alternative like people say
[deleted]
Theres a caramel brulee recipe there too and pumpkin cream cold brew 😋
I totally encourage you to keep making your syrups at home if you're enjoying them and finding it cost-effective, but I will say that the syrups I buy for home use (Torani, DaVinci, and Skinny Mixes) are generally in the $4 to $7 range for a 750 mL bottle. I think it's wild that the official Starbucks syrups retail for $15!
Thanks for that link! I had no clue they were easy to make!
I wonder if you became accustomed to liking the coffee flavour(s) instead of sweetening the existing notes? I gradually eliminated sugar from coffee and now I care what flavour notes are there and coffee became fun.
Reward stars do not equal dollars. And most rewards-oriented customers accumulate stars at a rate greater than 1 star per $1 spent. And while this will be unpopular, rewards are just that: a bonus to regular customers. Rewards programs from any company are not requirements, they are a "benefit" to get customers to spend *more* money from which the company gains more profits. True, the Starbucks rewards program will become absolute crap starting February 13 (I think that's the date the new rules will begin). The bean counters (no pun intended) at corporate will closely follow how these changes relate to any change in sales and they'll make adjustments accordingly (and in favor of profits, not the customers).

I never went to Starbucks for drinks or food on a day I wasn't working, either.
Their blonde espresso tastes burnt though. 

I have a rancillio, a hand grinder, and a decent plug for good beans and brew my own espresso and the flavor between my bean juice and SBUX's is night and day. Just going to a decent cafe and tasting real espresso will give you the insight that SBUX beans are low quality and over roasted to compensate for the flavor.
You could also order and iced quad espresso in a venti cup with extra ice and a splash of water. Might be cheaper idk
I’m not sure, just tasted off I couldn’t really put my finger on what was missing.
People think this is an official sub and not just a fan sub with a single moderator.
I know! Last time I went to my local shop for book club, my iced coffee was $6.75, after tip it was $7.75. And it was so small. I’m all about supporting them but seriously, it’s more expensive than Starbucks. And they have a sign that says because they’re a small business, they can’t remake drinks if you get one that’s wrong. I ordered an iced coffee because my teeth are sensitive so I never drink hot drinks and they walked around the corner with a hot drink. I told them I ordered an iced coffee and they said unfortunately they can’t remake it. Like…ok?
I wasn't complaining, you were hunny. Also, feel free to close your eyes lmao
I’m sure there are plenty that aren’t this good to their workers. I think happy employees is a key component to overall business success.
You can buy a bottle of the syrup on its own! There are also earl greys out there that come mixed with vanilla oolong for extra creamy goodness. I really cannot recommend it enough.

Don't get me wrong. I do understand wanting a specific ratio of things every time, but if you want your mind blown on this drink, it's out there and it's easier than buying an espresso machine to recreate most of the menu.

Tazo's earl grey is the tea equivalent of viewing a painting of what might be a citrus fruit while you stand downwind from a bowl of potpourri that's sat there long enough for the top layer to bleach. I have tried to fix that drink so hard but the tea stands in the way every time like some kind of bland uncaring monolith.
Yup and that used to be enough to cover a bling studded cup but now they’re 24.95 and certain ones at target even cost me 29.99 so goodbye to a “free” cup
Right? What’s up with that. Unreasonably expensive and I’ve had a good few break on me the last couple years
No problemo, the starbucks app is very versatile. Just drive to the US to buy your cup 😂
you get unlimited free drinks during your shift, but when you’re not working you only get the 30% discount
we get one every time we work and then after that 30% off
Yep i was a daily sometimes twice a day customer. Started working there 15 months ago and will NOT pay on my days off even with the discount. If I’m forking out money for coffee it will be our local coffee shop that is far superior
I don’t get the Dunkin’ brewed coffee hype to be honest with you, but it’s tolerable, their specialty coffees on the other hand are straight trash
As a current barista, they both are shit.
a shit ton of *chain* shops, or a shit ton of *local* shops? 

there are a shit ton of local coffee shops in pretty much every larger city. that is often not true of chains.

at least where im from, the only coffee chain competitors are the kind to only have one franchise in the whole county
"chain competitor"
Well it really depends on the area. Where I live in my state (east coast) I’m surrounded by Starbucks/Dunkin’/Wawa and Panera. It’s nice and all but there are few proper small business cafes
[deleted]
A French press is inexpensive. My only complaint about the one I have is that it calls for a medium coarse ground coffee which I have no idea where to find in my city. Everywhere either sells a whole bean or fine grind.
I was just about to say “Teavana.” They really took something cool and broke it for parts.
Still salty about teavana. Going to the tea stores when I got paid was the highlight of my life for a while
Starbucks bought Teavanna to reduce competition(good for the business)

Starbucks is still using clover tech in the new Vertica machine.

It's hilarious. It's literally an automated clover machine.

All the baristas rant about how they are sad the clover went away but it's weird, the test stores for Vertica doesn't have the same partner response. Even though the internal brew chamber components are almost identical in operation.
I always say you have 3 choices of cheeseburgers:
1) McDonald's
2) Restaurant
3) Homemade

I love them all, yet they all hit a different spot for me!
The fact that tip culture is such a huge thing here is ridiculous. Just pay a living wage !!!!!
If you've ever had to serve the after church crowd, you know why.
Out of 4 locals shops, only one is open on Sundays here. I’ve always thought it was strange but I’ve also never worked in one so best not to judge.
The mouthwash cup with whip cream 😂
I used to work at a local coffee shop. Sure Starbucks has amazing benefits (I came back to the siren for their trans healthcare benefits) and I am paid a few dollars more, but the amount that I got in tips FAR outweighed the actual amount I was paid from the local place, plus I had actual PRIDE in what I was doing and what I was serving at the local coffee shop compared to any time I’ve ever worked at Starbucks, including my current run with the company
A lot of the local coffee places around me are very competitive in wages with Starbucks, and money going to local owners is still better than feeding Howie a new summer home
I worked at a neighborhood cafe in a city and made about $50-$100 in tips per shift when I was working solo. I sometimes had one other person on shift with me but usually managed solo and made bank while being paid $18/hr. 

Tips were cash and went directly to me. How does Starbucks pay out tips?
I worked at a neighborhood cafe in a city and made about $50-$100 in tips per shift when I was working solo. I sometimes had one other person on shift with me but usually managed solo and made bank while being paid $18/hr.

Tips were cash and went directly to me. How does Starbucks pay out tips?
Is this Canadian dollars? Here in the states, it’s 12 hourly. One bed apt (not great either) starts at 1800. The city is cramped like sardines and the prices are beyond an excuse if inflation. Homelessness has increased dramatically, the past year, mainly on families with small children who were evicted bc they couldn’t afford the rent increases
I’m not a mega pumpkin fan but my partner is so I might make that one for him! Let me know if there are any alterations you recommend
Thanks! Oh my gosh, the Starbucks ones retail for more like $35 on Amazon. That’s why I finally said forget it, I’m making my own! I have no idea why they price them that high when it’s less than a dollar per bottle to make.
Regardless, it’s a marketing tactic to get people to continue coming, it’s really not as simply as a reward to regular customers as it’s really not a reward at all! For example: order 5 days in a row get 50 extra bonus points, it’s simply a tactic to get people to spend more money on a daily. So you are correct, but it’s not just a reward for regalar customers. It shouldn’t even be called a “reward”
It is cheaper. We have a regular who orders 3 or 4 of them at a time and she’s been ordering them with extra ice and light water, but ordering an iced quad, add shot and extra ice in a venti cup is cheaper.
Oooh nice. I'll look into that next time ty
That’s a great idea. Everyone here should email corporate. Only way anyone listens is in mass numbers anyway, until that happens, people are here to vent, I think that was obv.
Do you have a link to the syrup? I thought Starbucks used its own custom syrups that were not available to anybody else.
Want to know something funny, their cups, are also sold in Walmart, without the star bucks logo, for 5.95. I mean exact same cup.
Technically I think it’s 30 minutes before and after and one on each break, but I see people go over that a lot and no one cares
I had higher ups come in our store & fire two people for misusing markouts. That was just a couple months ago. There’s a way on the register to see your weekly markouts. they’re not unlimited.
It’s not unlimited, Starbucks tries only doing 3 free drinks a shift but they’re lenient with it
Yes, definitely talk to someone! I just started not too long ago, and we get unlimited drinks during our shifts!
This is wrong you get 1 when you clock on, 1 during break and 1 when you leave
Midnight roast is fuxking gross and I love dark roast
Their cold brew is good but the rest of it is essentially water
I think you misread his argument. He made the point that a good bean in a cheap brewing apparatus produces better coffee than you get at a Starbucks.  He likened a French Press to an inexpensive espresso machine. 

In the States, French Presses are dirt cheap and mechanically simple, so they are commonly used by people who want something slightly better than Keurig coffee. I don't think you'll find many people claiming it produces 'superior' coffee.
Clover has entered the chat.

I am crying in the parts
I never interacted with the Vertica machine, but “Clover 2.0” was rough
They should just hang a rainbow flag in the window or something
I'm not judging. People can run their business how they want. I've just always associated coffee shops with weekends so it seemed odd.
[deleted]
I tip my local coffee shop 25% each time. It bothers me tipping at Starbucks because there are always a couple of people I never see doing a thing. I know I can put it an envelope or whatever but it still bugs me they have to split it. Everyone plays a part in my experience otherwise and they all deserve it.
[deleted]
I’m not a huge pumpkin spice fan myself (the PSL is too pumpkin-y or spicy or something to me. Haha) BUT I love the pumpkin cream cold brew! If you haven’t tried it, it’s much lighter on the pumpkin since it’s only added to the cold foam but not the rest of the drink. I would recommend giving it a try if you like pumpkin, but maybe not the intensity of a pumpkin drink like a PSL.
You can buy syrup from Starbucks locations, just have to ask. Can get them on Amazon too but they're marked up there as far as I know.
Vanilla is one of the syrups you can buy in stores. Also, sometimes you can find them on Amazon for $20-30.
I’d love to get them there if it wasn’t for the fact that the ones I like are never there 💀
since the pos doesn’t limit you to a certain amount it’s unlimited in my eyes
maybe for you then but not for me. We get one drink only when we aren’t on the clock (although they don’t enforce that rule as much)
Omg. Yes!
My bad, I should have written, ‘best for me not to judge.’ It’s what I was thinking when writing the previous response, not that you were judging 🤗.
My tip rate at my coffee shop was 6-7 dollars an hour, at 40 hours a week. 

Also, not to FULLY out myself but I work at one of the big fancy reserve locations and we STILL do not have credit card tips because apparently the backend of the pos between reserve and regular stores is so different that they still need months of work to fix all of our bugs before before we get credit card tips. What we’ve heard is “by the end of fiscal quarter two (Ende of March)” OR “some time in the next nine months” lmao
Right, so like I said, my tips were cash and not split, so I did not report them. That is the beauty of having cash tips paid directly to workers. 

Sounds kind of shitty to work at starbucks even with credit card tips tbqh
Thanks, I will try that.
Please talk to someone ab that bc you should have 3 drinks by the end of your shift!!
Actually, you are entitled to one drink within 30 minutes of your shift starting, one drink on *each* of your breaks and lunch, and one drink within 30 minutes of finishing your shift. So if you worked a shift with lunch and two breaks, you could get five drinks in a workday.

Note that this is at corporate stores and the policy may be different at stores in Target, Safeway, etc.
My tip rate was, on average, 2-3x my base rate when I was working solo shifts at my local cafe. Granted, that was $18/hr plus ~$50-$100(per shift) depending how generous folks were.

I feel so bad for starbucks baristas.
I have a lot of stuff I need to talk to someone about… My store is very new and they run it all backwards. I just got yelled at for a co worker ringing up my drink for me on my break but they never told us that was a rule they just said we couldn’t ring up our own 😭And they only let us have one drink a day like if I got more drinks it would be way more worth the stress🤣
Yeah, you have some problems there. I'm confused, though: you aren't supposed to ring up your own food and drink so why did you get yelled at for your co-worker doing that (as they are supposed to do)?? And if you are at a corporate store (not in Target or a grocery store, etc.), then they are *cheating* you out of a job perk that you are *entitled* to enjoy. If your SM doesn't understand this, speak with your DM.
She made up a rule today to be petty that only shift leads could ring you up… when I literally have never heard of that and got rung out in front of the manager earlier by another barista
Who made up the rule? A shift supervisor? Or the store manager? If it was a shift, then speak with your store manager to get this corrected. You and your coworkers don't need that kind of petty control bullshit going on. If it was the store manager, then speak with the district manager. It is neither true (AFAIK) nor does the on-floor staff have the time to get a SSV to a register to ring you up when they are busy doing their own jobs functions.
it was the shift lead! I’m going to be asking tomorrow I just didn’t wanna start drama while she was there
Understandable. I stayed out of all the drama at my store.
Look, I know at the very least Starbucks DMs read this sub. I think there is a 100% chance it is monitored by corporate. 

I have questions. I want answers. 

What the actual fuck are y'all doing???? 

The hours cuts are the most ridiculous thing y'all have decided to do. It was the same way last year, but this year feels even more stark. Sbux had RECORD profits last year. We are as busy at my store as we have ever been. And yet, we are running with 1-2 partners less than last year. 

What goddamn labor metrics are you going off of?? Are you trying to push every store into unionizing??? Because treating partners like they are disposable (which let us be clear, you are) by cutting hours and making our time at work a shitshow of running and stress is why people unionize. Cutting labor so deeply that you have to choose between being barely staffed at peak and having the partners available for clean play means cleaning? It ain't happening. Customer connections are a joke when we have to hop off warming to jump on a second register to help get the 20 person deep line down to a manageable number but have something in the oven we have to grab at the same time. Why are we having to do that? No labor for a CS position, so flexing is a joke. 

Do you really not see that your massive management turnover is because of the way you make managers treat their partners? You are asking them to do the impossible - cut hours to an unsustainable level and keep experienced partners. Do you not understand that experienced, stable and reliable management is needed for not only a more profitable business model but also for customer connections and partner job satisfaction? 

Do you not understand that tenured, multi-year partners are at their breaking point because of your policies? The hour cuts are literally making it impossible for partners with bills reliant upon their income (IE almost all your long term partners) and it similarly makes it impossible for partners who are there for the benefits only - how are we supposed to get 20 hours a week? 

Do you not understand that long term partners are the backbone of your business? Regulars don't become regulars because no one knows their name and drink and they don't feel special. Incorrectly made drinks that require remakes doesn't help the bottom line. Not only that, but how the hell are you gonna run 50 second drive times with green beans??? 

I get we are in a capitalistic hellscape, but expecting profit increases for shareholders at the expense of your employees is the recipe for 1 of 2 things: Unionization or the collapse of any brand integrity you have left.

Please start thinking more about a sustainable business model and less about $$$ in billionaires pockets.
Friendly neighborhood barista snitch here! The main reason the labor is so shitty is because THEY CHANGED THE LABOR EQUATION!!!

The way they PREVIOUSLY calculated labor was by using the base drink itself with any additional customizations adding on labor. That was a huge reason why if a custie wanted a loaf warm, they were on you to press the warming button, even if you were the one grabbing it. So, those Venti frappes with a sticker longer than a line at Disney on the 4th of July, while being a barista nightmare, was a labor wet dream. That was before the pandemic.

Now, during the pandemic, due to more people being semi-worried about going out as opposed to folks overseas getting shit done, there was a drop in revenue and murmurings about what it could mean for the economy and recessions and everything else. But Still! Brave baristas were working, as well as some custies acting like life was normal, drinking the  ever beloved “COVID Buster”!!! (Sneaky Secret: It does Fuck All Nothing!). But, they were still making a revenue with the bare minimum of baristas. That will come back to bite.

Now, flash forward to November, Fall Launch. On the verge of a predicted recession with some (kickass) stores unionizing and garnering bad press, Starbucks wants to save money and look nice in the eyes of the public. What to do as a multi-billion company fully capable of providing its employees?

Time to scrimp and save like the common man! But, how?

Somewhere, somehow, a prokaryote of brain cell flickers to life and says,” What if we change how labor is calculated to save paying baristas and sweat out the people attempting to unionize?!”

AND THEN THEY ACTUALLY FUCKING DO IT.

So now, instead of all those lovely customizations counting as added labor, they’re just there to look pretty bc now the ONLY THING THAT COUNTS is The Base Fucking Drink. 

That’s Right, Folks!! The customizations now do nothing but put money in those pockets, because Starbucks decided they could cut labor by changing how we get it. So a $13 dollar Iced CM is the same labor as a $6.77 one.

So now, to get more labor for more hours so baristas can do this awesome thing called “surviving the bare FUCKING MINIMUM”, you have to sell more items and UPSELL😊🙃 already fucking expensive items to already upset customers, not knowing customizations don’t count, even though that’s what folks mainly fucking get. 

So yeah. Have fun knowing that. 

Ps. Hit my keyboard so hard that it changed type!! YAY
The things that upset me are:

-Return to requiring more hours for benefits eligibility despite [continuing to have a successful financial year for 2022](https://investor.starbucks.com/press-releases/financial-releases/press-release-details/2022/Starbucks-Reports-Q4-and-Full-Year-Fiscal-2022-Results/default.aspx)

-Increased prices (on average they're much, much, higher in the last year compared to when I started in 2018), especially on food + smaller portions for things that aren't pastries/laden with sugar

-The changes to the rewards program that will almost certainly make people feel less incentived when they realize that it'll take ~$100 to be able to redeem a free drink

-The fact that the bring your own cup discount is still literally only 10¢ (which is what it was when I lived in the US and was a regular customer between 2012-2016 and what it still is since moving to Canada and working as a partner from 2018 to now)

-The price increase on merchandise (especially here in Canada; some items are almost double the US price)

-Nobody on the board took any pay cuts (as far as I could tell from my Google searches) to mitigate or offset the increasing demands from employees + instead implemented the policies listed above

They're doing all this shit while workers are fighting for their rights in order to make it look like the greedy baristas are the reason for price increases when they haven't taken any risks on for themselves
They are cutting hours as a effort to stifle unionization efforts. Their rationale is that by gutting our hours we will start infighting and it will break us apart. Hell I had a barista say "with all the hour cuts maybe mornings will have to start actually working" , I had to tell them that, that mentality is incorrect and we need to blame corporate for putting all of us in the situation.  What we need is to unify and become stronger and not let them trick us.
Trickle down theory. They make money, you make money. That's how they want you to think about it. They prey on the youth to not understand corporate bullshit so they can exploit you. I worked for sbux three times. This last time was the last one. It was horrible. They had partners fighting each other for the tips. I was like why not pay us more? Corporatefuckinggreed. France, the fucking country, is protesting at the idea of raising the minimum age of retirement. We'll never be that collective of a country for basic rights. Not until there's more class disparity. It sucks.
There's actually a third option too a bunch of stores get closed down due to OSHA and health code violations because we can't keep up with the flow or because we're not quote unquote profitable enough. Translation they're going to lose more and more stores as labor keeps disappearing
I quit for this reason! I literally told my sm that we needed more hours to operate, I was told to take a vacation instead. I wasn’t being listened to, and instead they made us take a training on being the best we can with what we are given. Lol a joke!!! I left the company a few months later because I wasn’t able to complete my job as a ssv without workers or hours
Every Starbucks employee should agree on a day to just not show up. Words aren’t enough.
Hell I used to love Starbucks and got 40 hours a week and then hours got cut I insured a domestic partner and went unpaid other than insurance for months. Now it’s so stressful where I work because everyone is quitting. My mental health is telling me 20 hours a week for Starbucks for healthcare and working with 20 year olds who are in charge and clicked up like I’m high school and then a 40-50 hours second job to actually survive I’m gonna say bye I don’t need you as bad as I need me
Well said. There is a huge disconnect from those making decisions at the very top and those of us working our asses off in the stores. DMs are also feeling the shit storm. They are forced to produce results with these impossible expectations. There isn't much more to give and it's unsustainable.  
These "automations" that they think have taken hours and hours off our plates aren't based in reality. Sure, I need less time to place an order but does that mean the order is put away by robots? That store cleanliness and organization is any less complex than it used to be?
It's good old daddy Schultz at the helm. This is on purpose and it's two-fold

The shareholders get a large ROI, bolstering upper management's legitimacy and increasing their safety in the upcoming recession. Starbucks is building another war chest after going into the coffers during early covid. They are preparing for something.

Second. They want you to leave. They are starving out the partners with self-worth, as those are the people who are natural leaders and will lead a store to unionize. High attrition rates aren't conducive to unionization. They are ensuring that the people who care literally cannot afford to care. And it's working. Look how many "I used to love the siren but I can't afford to do this". It's not about the literal cost of tenured partners, it's that tenured partners want better. My guess as to why the min was set to $15/hr is 1)fight unionization efforts and 2)lower attrition in most markets to a sustainable level so the company isn't forced to shut down stores, temporarily or otherwise. Wages have been at, or above $15/hr in many markets so that means nothing. What about areas that are traditionally LCOL and less prone to unionize because of political affiliation? $15 keeps those people in place. 

My ultimate guess is the war chest coffers will be needed to fight the few stores that manage to unionize, weather an expected huge drop in sales, and prop their international interests.
Can we pin this post pls
Do it do it do it. Employers wouldn't care if you died tomorrow. They don't have your best interests in mind and you should ALWAYS assume that they will screw you over if you don't take a stand. They care about profits and nothing else. Everyone should be unionized.
I get under 15 hours a week. I just want 20 so I can get my goddamn health insurance so I don't die. I need another job.
I have completely lost any and all respect for this company a while ago. They expect us to make customer connections and to give great service while at the same time giving us no staffing. Working at my store is borderline madness at this point since the moment we get any free time to do side tasks another customer comes in or someone has to go on a lunch. Then you have to figure out how to run a lunch at a drive-through store with only three people while being busy, it’s ridiculous. I’ve always said that this company is more focused on looking like it treats its employees well, instead of actually treating them well. That’s why they try to call us partners instead to make it sound more meaningful. When the harsh reality is that this company will use you for all your worth and then cut your hours or even fire you if you’re not worth it. Hopefully another coffee company comes up one day and significantly challenges Starbucks to be better. Either that, or, as you say more, and more stores will seek to unionize as they get tired of this bull. Rant over.
Stop asking for corporate to address the issues. They won’t.        
Unionize. That’s the only way you’re going to get anything accomplished.       
The Company does not care about you. The DMs do not care about you. They may say otherwise and be “good people” but in the end they are not going to stick their necks out for you and risk losing their precious salaries and bonuses. NO EMPLOYEE making bonuses is going to risk looking out for the baristas and shift supervisors.
I'm really sorry this is happening in your store. Its very much representative of a lot of stores right now and its not fair to any partners.

The biggest reason my store wanted to unionize was to show Starbucks that we care about our jobs, we care about the quality of our work, and we need written protection to make sure they walk the walk as much as they want us to believe.

If you ever want to reach out and talk about organizing, please feel free. We're stronger together and Starbucks is definitely scared of that.
Man this company is fundamentally broken. Going public has really destroyed it. At least when I started, and even to an extent until I left (although you could see the writing on the wall in my decade from 1999-2007 ) there was still some heart left in it, and some reasonableness.

Now...yikes.
I don't know what else to say, everything I'm reading here is the truth.

It sucks because when we do get hours, it's miserable working here.
I really want to know if the unionized stores have had hours go up and better staffed days
Well written. They won't care about your post but it's all 100% true. This is coming from a regular.
They really are shoving their partners into a corner. On one hand, they’re cutting hours and making it horrible to work for a non-union store. However, they do everything in their power to make working for a unionized store even worse. I know a few partners who left their stores that voted to unionize because the working conditions became so terrible.
[Starbucks Workers United](https://sbworkersunited.org/new-page-2) is where you can go to find out more about forming a union. This fact alone makes it seem less scary: only 30% of the store has to sign a card to hold a vote. Every single store in the country has at least 1/3rd of the staff who are pro-union enough to at least hold a vote. If enough stores file to hold their vote around the same time it means they can't hyperfocus and send all of their corporate goons to any one location to bully the employees there. It can be done and it has to be done if anything will change. Starbucks employees on average are very open minded and people-oriented, and this means that we all mostly stand together ideologically already. The rest is just paperwork.
[deleted]
This is why I’m not coming back from LOA. I’m a SM who got treated like shit before my leave because I refused to treat my team like crap.
Why wouldn't you unionize? I don't understand the hesitation.
Let's be straight up. The moment a secretarial position opens up at any of the law firms I've been talking with, I'm gone. I've been at this job for six years, but if Starbucks isn't going to do shit about things like that nearly kidnapped batista from this last week, then there is no way in hell I'm staying
Stop pretending this is a coffee shop. It’s McDonald’s w/ caffeine.
I seriously used to love my job and so did my coworkers and now you can seriously feel dread and how anxious and stressed everyone is. My store is the busiest in our district and we’ve been running a 3 person floor which is practically impossible. 2/3 partners cried in the back. Truly disgusting!
I just quit because of this
The changes need to cause negative customer experiences, massive partner turnover and give the company a bad quarter. If customers remain satisfied and partner turnover stays the same then the cuts are a success. The company needs to feel the pain for the changes.
Anyone in here reading this thread in absolute unshakable rage at Starbucks and their greed, please seriously consider unionizing. The pinned post in this sub is the resource I used to help unionize my store, it is absolutely an attainable goal.

If anyone has any questions about it feel free to DM me.
Question:

Has anyone else been told that their Area is doing well, but the rest of the company/other Areas are not doing well?

No disrespect to my SM, because she’s great, but I feel like she’s being forced to say that when I come asking questions like, “When can I work more to pay rent and buy food?”
YES THANK YOU
Same reason why every job hires more employees than they should and then cut hours for everybody... Cuts to benefits with pretty much no drawback for corporations. No need to pay for retirement funds, healthcare, any form of employment related debt relief, dental insurance, family plans for insurance, education, etc. It’s so much easier to have two employees work 20 hours a week each, than have 1 employee work 40 and need to have full time benefits
I didn’t really read your post, but I’ll sum up the reason why corporate is doing this: keep profits up, cut down unionization and costs of labor down.

And sadly, it’s working because people keep showing up to work.

I hope communities around the world will come together to create a crowd-sourced financial back up to keep baristas afloat while they stage week, even months long walk outs and striking/protests.
Please do. Do you need any help or resources? We can help!
Not to mention the 12 hour minimum. How do they expect students to all be able to meet that requirement. It’s such a blanket expectation and they’re going to lose TONS of great partners because of it.
Fuck unionization. I advise everybody to just quit. They want to fuck their employees over just to get that extra dollar in their pocket when we're the one making it happen. Put my 2 weeks in today and I'm not going back. Working conditions have been getting worse and worse because of labor cuts and I've finally had enough of doing a 3 man job by myself. If they think it's so easy they come down and do it themselves. Watch them fucking fall apart.
Capatilistic hellscape? LMFAO... Yes, please unionize so we can be rid of your cancer
out of curiosity are you a store manager or above? i’ve never heard of the calculation for labor hours including per-drink modifications at any point in time. not saying you’re wrong, just wondering what your source for all this info is, since it’s pretty shocking stuff
I'm also curious how you heard about this. like, it sounds 100% like the kind of shit this lawless wasteland of a company would pull, but I haven't heard anything like this before.
The irony of us pushing even further complicated and customized drinks now as promoter drinks
This makes me so mad
Both the post and this comment are spot on. How out of touch do you have to be to not see this?
Source? I was hired in last January and I’ve only ever heard about the “old” equation from management.
Thank you for this laugh, I needed that after just leaving the shithole for the day.
scathingly written, i love it
Nobody on the board is taking paycuts. They are taking payouts and bonuses for cutting and cutting to the bone.
> especially here in Canada

Ugh. Everything here in Canada is more expensive. Holy shit. :|
That’s a great way of putting it. No unity, no problem for them. They’ll just hire more naive young people. It’s f***ed up.
I really really hope that nobody still thinks trickle down economics is a real thing...
*"Partner"*
/r/OSHA
Valentine's Day. "I would do anything for love, but I won't do fraps!"
Oh man this would definitely get some national news coverage!!
As a customer, I support this. Tell us how we can help on our end.
Unionize. I cannot stress this enough. The pinned post on this sub on how to start is the resource I used to help unionize my store, and we succeeded. You can do it too!
Please make it happen!!! Oh, we should do pop ups too in cities that protest in this way where average people make coffee for you guys! I would totally fucking do that. Can we actually plan this plz and make it happen?!?! Y’all need a break and Sbux needs to awake!
Worldwide shutdown Sbux day! I ❤️it.
> That store cleanliness and organization is any less complex than it used to be?

No, it's way more complex. Now instead of iced coffee with syrup and cream, we sell cold brew with a variety of cold foams, requiring a new blender pitcher, two new prep tasks that take significantly more time than prepping iced coffee, a huge 2-part machine to refrigerate and nitrogenize giant kegs of cold brew (needs a weekly cleaning and more), and cleaning all the dishes and kegs from the prep.

We also still have the iced coffee.
Hell, automated ordering is MORE work for me because we get too much food for the space we have.  The excuse is always that our inventory processes aren't right, but that's total bullshit.  On top of that, I have to rearrange my milk fridge every damn day because the drivers just throw milk everywhere and don't even take it out of the crates half of the time.
Do actual people control this sub still or is it just corporate goons?
> Starbucks is definitely scared of that.

Highlighted for emphasis.

Strength in #s. Thousands of employees.
I'm literally dreading going to work the next two days.  It's going to be busy, and I'm not going to have the people to handle it.  The anxiety is killing me.
My best friend works at a unionized store and is guaranteed 30 hours per week via her contract.
Makes sense. Starbucks is refusing to negotiate from what I’ve heard, and can fuck around until then. Luckily they’re finally being held to account and forced to negotiate, so thing should begin to improve after the next 2 months.
Same. Some days I actually stop in my closest store is just a war zone, and somehow the baristas still manage to be friendly.
AMEN! This shit happened to me back in 2019. I would push back to my DM (brand new DM, former peer SM) about what was realistic cleanliness and speed wise because of our volume and complete BS labor. and I had my Regional Director show up to my store with my DM, sit me down in the lobby and grill me about if I was really “living my purpose” and “tell me how your purpose is tied to Starbucks mission and values” and “convince us that you’re all in, or are you out?” I am not kidding. They told me to take a 10, go outside and then come back and “tell us what your decision is.” Like they were literally trying to get me to quit on the spot I guess? At that moment I realized holy shit I’m in a cult. The next time I saw my DM she wrote me up during my PDD for completely fabricated things. Like specific dates that we had conversations that I was on vacation…specific dates that my store was dirty when jokes on her I had photos of my entire store because we just had the tile regrouted and I had to send photos to the contractor. Literally 1 yr prior to that I was the MOQ. I drove home, filed for a mental health LOA, wrote a huge ass manifesto that I sent to corporate and they launched an investigation. I got the CA revoked but I was SO fucking done. I emptied my vacation and sick banks and GTFO. 

Not kidding, it’s a cult.
because working conditions in unionized stores are worse than regular stores and retaliation from corporate is an issue with stores that are trying to
I agree that they need to make a ton of changes. But they can’t really do anything about the almost kidnapped barista since I believe it wasn’t a Starbucks. I think I read it was a bikini barista stand- which only staffs one person at a time. I’m so glad they had cameras on the outside of their drive thru, and could catch that person. I only wish Starbucks had cameras on the outside of their drive thrus too
The stores that aren’t doing well are being held up by stores that are over exceeding the sales or bottom line money to corporate.

For instance. My store gave the company 91k last period. Which was 32% of my overall revenue after all payments. 

We are suppose to be at 25%. This was across our whole district. But I’m in a big market. They are doing just fine. Plus China is killing Starbucks. They are losing so much money over there right now it’s crazy.
Serious talk. DM me. I work and am a lead organizer at a union store.
So you don't think that the current level of wealth inequality (the bottom 50% of people in the US hold 2.6% of wealth.) that has been created by unfettered and unrestricted capitalism and unregulated and untracked money in politics in the US qualifies for a capitalistic hellscape? 

Please, tell me more about the magical land where you live. Is the sky purple? Is the grass pink?
That's how I was told it worked at a few different stores I've worked, a couple in the Midwest and one in the PNW, mostly barista with about a year and a half ssv. I'm not sure how it's shocking that they would keep track of things that take extra work to figure out how much total work there is to schedule for.
Asm here, we recently had meetings with our RM and DM about labor and how to support and a lot of it was about how the new labor model calculates hours and what has changed. They also went over it in our workplace live and our Regional connects. We were allowed to ask questions and apparently about 2 years ago the warming was tallied up the same like the drinks now. Didn’t matter if you put warmed or not
Edit: Forgot to say some how the cold foam modifier still earns you labor but nothing else does. Weird but that’s the only thing they let us know about in the regional connect.
I was an SM and was told this was how it was calculated. One of my stores was a high Frappuccino store and actually earned a decent amount of labor in the summer, so that checks out for me. Also heavily remember them being ON us about typing in partner bevs and hitting warmed for this reason.
/r/workreform ✊🏼✊🏼✊🏼
Yup. I don't think it's just the exchange rate + inflation. It seems like a bit of fuckery
From what I’ve been seeing the only people willing to work for Starbucks now are teenagers.  Gone are the days of young moms and dads working there for healthcare, the tenured partners are few and far between and there is no more passion for coffee and it’s origins.  Yeah they brought back coffee master program big whoop.  They only brought it back after unions took off.  It’s not a sustaining job anymore and it’s corporates fault.  All they had to do is listen to what their partners wanted and they flat out refuse.  So I will gladly stand by and watch the mighty fall.  I hope more stores and partners push to unionize.  At least partners can be a voice for what Starbucks used to stand for way back when.
You know that the US gave interest free, or low interest free loans to businesses to keep paying their employees and trickle down the funds so businesses could float during covid. One guess what ended up happening. And you know the rate of forgiveness for those loans are now? And that rate is going to continue to climb up, up, up! 
https://www.npr.org/2023/01/09/1145040599/ppp-loan-forgiveness
PaRtNeR!11!1!
Here's a sneak peek of /r/OSHA using the [top posts](https://np.reddit.com/r/OSHA/top/?sort=top&t=year) of the year!

\#1: [somethin ain't right about this](https://i.redd.it/zis8jp3cz0u91.jpg) | [136 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/OSHA/comments/y4x4de/somethin_aint_right_about_this/)  
\#2: [A constant reminder](https://i.redd.it/3m38poxfxwf91.jpg) | [137 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/OSHA/comments/wgy992/a_constant_reminder/)  
\#3: [Out of town and had to take my car to a local mechanic. This was in the waiting room window.](https://i.redd.it/3xwue55o87d91.jpg) | [168 comments](https://np.reddit.com/r/OSHA/comments/w5nw4i/out_of_town_and_had_to_take_my_car_to_a_local/)

----
^^I'm ^^a ^^bot, ^^beep ^^boop ^^| ^^Downvote ^^to ^^remove ^^| ^^[Contact](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot) ^^| ^^[Info](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/) ^^| ^^[Opt-out](https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/o8wk1r/blacklist_ix/) ^^| ^^[GitHub](https://github.com/ghnr/sneakpeekbot)
As a customer I love it. I want the happy pleasant place back. I hate what it has become.
Yes I want my drink fast BUT I also want a place I know I can rely upon for a place to sit and rest, charge my phone, work on stuff.

They really need to give their heads a shake in corporate.

Once you lose customers like me, you've lost.
I’m also a customer but I’m okay boycotting and encouraging others to do the same. At least it’s a start.
the dreaded keg..
I'm glad my store isn't the only one with this problem. My manager has been fighting with our LSR (or whoever) over this for nearly a year. All we get back is gaslighting. We have 5 cases of Reindeer Cake Pops for a store that's lucky to sell three cake pops a day of any type. It's not uncommon for us to have 6 boxes of pastries left out because there's no space in our freezer.
Damn, I didn’t even want to think that thought🤦🏻‍♂️
Our preclosers are leaving earlier now, but that just means we end up taking longer to close. Cutting that half hour of precloser means now 40 minutes between the two closers extra, 20 of those minutes being shift pay. Oh well. The workload hasn't really changed since last month, all of the same tasks still need to get done.
Call out 😈
That’s awesome! I’ve never heard from a unionized store. Just people wanting to unionize
This makes me so sad. I’ve worked at 10+ stores and I just quit. I love my customers and i genuinely miss when I had the time and affordability to connect with the people in my community. Starbucks is not what it was when I started.
Well that follows the history of collective bargaining.  Good news it's unsustainable.  They cannot function without labor.  SOLIDARITY my friends!
I don't think it's worse in every instance, as you can see here in this sub when some of the unionized stores have partners who post. If they have to make it worse in every instance doesn't that make them look bad too? I think it's doing corporate all the favors when partners think that both the union doesn't do anything and that the situation there is worse. Clearly it takes away some of corporates power over us, or they wouldn't be fighting it so hard. I would say fighting for what little power we can have and showing that we stand together is really important especially now. They are counting on this turning all the base-level baristas and shifts on the front lines against each other. That's what they want. They want us to doubt ourselves and eachother. They are literally being trained on some of these tactics by the same corporate lawyers who help Amazon do their union busting.
One can't lump political corruption with capitalism.  In terms of capitalism, NOPE.
it's mostly shocking because i wouldn't assume they would be considering a drink modification like putting a certain topping on top of a caramel macchiato worthy of additional labor when there is already a labor hour allotted for the barista making the drink anyway. i've always assumed based on the information i was given from my SM that labor was based on total unit sales volume excluding modifications, since modifying a drink requires no extra partners to complete. as far as i've always been told labor only tracked how many items we sold which is why it was so important for us to ring up things like ice waters.
God damn can someone in meetings let them know how dumb they are rather than running a company like a fucking Game of Thrones episode?
You have made some valid points. I completely agree with you that only young people enjoy working for Starbucks because all they have to offer is coffee. However, I believe I read somewhere that they are starting to offer good meals as well. Why I like it is because loyalty rewards programs are relaxing in all aspects of life, and CYMI is currently doing something similar when you use their super app for payment or to purchase cryptocurrencies or digital assets, you get rewarded for it, and you can redeem it instantly if you want.
the dreaded toddy…
